 ï » ¿1 what women need is the sam as what men need , and that '' s the marxist conception in their consciousness . which would , if accepted by both men and women , destroy all anomalies in hum society that inhib the progress and the unity of the peop , good lif , happiness , and idyll . i '' ve had som bad luck with women . in the past fifteen years , i hav encountered around twelv to thirteen thousand fre girls , namely divorcees and widows . they '' ve all turned me down , telling me : back off , you pie of shit , you swi , you bastard ... that '' s incredib ! if they all spat on me at the sam tim , thes twelv to thirteen thousand , i would be covered in saliv as high as chicag '' s tallest skyscraper . to build socialism , one needs socialists . and to get socialists ... it is essential ... that i get permission ... from parliament ... by a parliamentary decision ... for one thousand girls , 20 to 25 years old , in hotel yugoslavi . which means fiv thousand socialists in fiv years . becaus ther '' s no socialism witho socialists . as soon as they are born ... namely , as soon as they '' re fiv years old , the capitalthis would achi socialism ... and stabilis society . hotel yugoslavi has to be promptly turned int a marxist instit . the first in the world for creating socialists . i think if i found myself on som other plan , outsid of this one , and had such a number of socialists with me , i would send an ultimatum from spa that everyo must subjuga to socialism and marxism or be destroyed . i , cebic stanoj , marxist fanatic , metalworker of the europe class , posses this item on my head : a ber of the proletarians from broadway . on my back , an english-licenced blazer . a german-licenced sweater . a yugoslavi shirt . a yugoslavi undershirt . belgian-licenced trousers . yugoslavi underpants . yugoslavi socks . artillerythis is alles kapital for socialism ! damm ... i would paint all of this red ... and walls , and houses , and roofs , and trees , and lampposts , and factories , and peop , and suits , and horses , and ... roads ! i would paint it all red ! even women '' s ... eyelashes . with the colour red , not ... the colour of rot , as they '' re colouring themselves today . and we , the men , are disgusted by it . so foreigners could see that they '' ve com to a red , workers '' sta . long liv the greatest giants of work , of europe and world roads , namely truck drivers , the greatest humanists . thre times thank you ! mer beaucoup , dan schã¶n , grazi , mer beaucoup , hva ! bit schã¶n , herr , ich yugoslav , kolt 15 gap kei arbe , kei geld. '' m a metalworker of the europe class , a marxist , lenin '' s emissary , who besides searching for a job ... is als on a marxist mission in every factory i pass through . for the past twenty years , or namely , for the past twenty-fiv years , it hasn '' t hurt to hav had someo lik me around , someo who '' s going against syst . and i '' m confronting the sta only becaus ... after seeing 150 factories througho yugoslavi , i '' ve concluded that thos working the hardest get the lowest pay . when i see all that , i can '' t and i won '' t ... and don '' t hav any reason , on princip , to work . not even in my dreams ! i was taught in second military school not to work for exploiters . no matter wher they com from . so ... as a marxist ... who fights exploiters ... how could i work for and aid the exploiters ? do you remember , pa , when we wer sleeping her from 1941 to 1945 ? of cours ... her wer the cows , and we slept over ther . that means ... we wer sharing fifty-fifty , we and the cows . do you remember how i left this stab in 1946 , to learn a craft ? do you remember how i got approval from the ministry of defen ? to go to a military-industrial school ? yes ... yes ... do you know ... do you remember when you crushed my head against that wall , becaus i went to the partisans ? you must remember ! he wasn '' t even fifteen years old yet . and i already had one son who had joined the partisans . that '' s why ... i had to ... everyo was naked , barefoot ... i was searching ... to earn som money ... but you see ... he als never mad any money ... what now ... ? i cam from a villag , probably looking lik a bum who barely knew how to wri . her i received my first baptisms . my first introduction to civilisation . her they poured so much int my head ... almost lik with a funnel . so , i retained everything and it remained in my head . stuck as a fly to a glu trap . marxism , socialism ... theoretically ... and it seems to me they put in my head ... the entir communist society . whi learning my craft , i was being poisoned for thre years . poured , poured int my head ... then another thre years , in the yugoslav peop '' s army . then , for two years , i was pouring it int the head of another man . then , i was chief of a communist youth organization , for a year ... this is how one ends up who doesn '' t hav marxism on his mind ! her i was , correctly explicating the party lin of marxism and government . although i was a good worker , a good repairm , i realised that it wasn '' t worth it . i realised what it '' s all abo and what they want to do with an honest man . just when i think abo them ... almost every day , i think abo suing the sta for discrimination , for discrepancy between education and later practi in production . marxism is ... leninism of the period of imperialism and workers '' revolution . the workers '' class ... of the world , together with marx , has expelled god from hum society and in that way has becom the gravedigger of capitalism . which means that marxism is the fucker of capitalism ! i '' m a marxist fanatic . which means ... i '' m excessively interested in it . but ... i don '' t want ... namely , i don '' t regr ... being this way becaus it '' s my prid and glory and i would giv my lif for it ! i '' m a blind practitioner of marxism and this is my honour as a yugoslav metalworker ! unemployed for four years , i spend my tim her at the railway and bus station . i get warmed up ... and i follow ... the motion . if someo '' s hand creeps int someo els '' s pock ... i stop him , i catch him , et ceter . becaus ... i '' ve been to 150 factories , wher i '' ve seen peop work hard to mak a living . and they need to be protected by someo . so i ... found myself doing this following the appeal of the federal secretary in 1967. i joined the fight against societal evil , did my civic duty in accordan with the law , and plus ... spontaneously helped the government . but ... i get a lot of interferen in all this from the poli ! now i '' m doing kolt 15 gap , which stands for : collect was , lick dishes , 15 years , actively or passively . it means exactly that in fiv different languages . i do this becaus i '' ve been witho a job for 4 and a half years , namely 5 years . tried to work as a carrier , they wouldn '' t let me . i can not work in a coal min . and i can not becom a criminal becaus i hav on my mind : marx , engels , lenin , tit and che guevr . for 20 years , 95 percent of the tim i didn '' t hav anywher to sleep . working or not working , it was always the sam . during my trial work in 180 factories , in yugoslavi and nin other countries , i had to sleep at railway stations , in waggons , parks , on benches , or in the best cas in worker '' s barracks , elevators , on doormats , in pho booths , basements and public toilets . i propos to the sta and the sta organs to eras me from the registration list for id card and pla of residen , and everything els that my consciousness has overcom . i '' m ashamed when i hear abo official documents . i can liv witho sta , poli , courts , jails , and army . to me , all of that is dead ... if i wer president , i would abolish parliament , i would abolish the federation and the republic , i would leav the sta on a municipal level , i would build gallows in the periphery of every town ... every town would hav gallows ... and if someo steals , he '' ll be hanged . i would als build a public speaking platform , so 20 million yugoslavs could say what they think . certainly ... 20 million know better than 200 politicians , and we wouldn '' t need stabilisation of society . i would leav the poli on a municipal level , cut the army in half , and from their budgets , all municipalities would send som percentag to army headquarters ... that would continu to function and to protect the sta from foreigners ... doing all that , abolishing the federation and the republic , means i would abolish myself in the end . i '' m cebic . speak ... how long hav you worked her ? 10 years . ask him directly ! what is your profession ? i '' m an unqualified worker , metalworker . is ther any work for me her ? i '' m a metalworker too . i don '' t know ... you '' d hav to talk to hum resources ... hav you heard of marx ? marx and engels ? yes . do you think that socialism can be built witho knowing marx ? well now ... it '' s hard to tell ... so , you don '' t know marx very well ? not really ... but you '' ve heard of him ? yes . would you lik to answer som questions ? i would lik to but a car is waiting for me ... ask him abo marx ! hav you heard of marx ? yes . who is he ? pleas , i told you that a car is waiting and i don '' t hav tim ... who is marx ? can you tell us abo him ? if you '' ve heard of him ... i '' m als a metalworker ... i '' m sorry , but i can '' t now ... as you '' ve heard , i '' m on my way hom ... okay , fin then ... are you a metalworker her ? yes . can you tell how long you hav worked her ? twenty years . twenty years ? yes . are you satisfied with your salary ? now ? now . i '' m the director , so it doesn '' t matter ... okay , thank you . ask him abo marx ! ask him abo marx ! he said he '' s the director . hav you worked her for a long tim ? twelv years . twelv years . are you satisfied with your salary ? i don '' t want to talk abo that . i '' m a metalworker too . thank you . hav you heard of marx ? what ? hav you heard of marx ? marx ? i '' m a metalworker just lik you but currently unemployed . hav you heard of marx ? don '' t ask me ... speak freely . i '' m als worker but currently unemployed . hav you heard of marx ? yes , but don '' t ask me ... ther are others ... so , he is forbidden to speak ... ask a worker , ceb . excus me , brother ... would you lik to answer som questions ? if you '' re a metalworker ? no , i '' m not ... are you a metalworker ? why ? are you a factory worker ? yes , why ? could you answer som questions ? i '' m als worker but unemployed ... hav you heard of marx ? yes . so , you know abo marxism ... and who is marx ? could you explain ? i '' ll be lat for the bus ... so you '' re in a hurry . but it '' s not hard to say a few words ... it '' s not hard but i hav to go . okay , fin . cheers ! hav you worked her for a long tim ? ten years . ten years . are you satisfied with your salary ? how much is it ? well , the salary is basic ... i '' m not qualified , so 65 thousand ... 66 ... and are you satisfied with that salary ? well ... he '' s overly satisfied ! i '' m a worker too ... it '' s a low salary ! i '' m a worker too , unemployed ... speak your mind freely ... for examp . you '' ve heard of marx . do you know who he is ? i wouldn '' t know ... no ... okay , cheers ! i '' m from a villag . i wouldn '' t know ... industrial worker for 25 years ... 25 years ... and your salary is 60 thousand ? yes , but i do som extr work and i get bonuses . how much , for examp , with bonuses ? abo 90 thousand , 100 ... okay , fin . cheers ! could you answer som questions ? i '' m a metalworker too but unemployed . him , him , him ! ask him ! brother , i '' m a metalworker , mayb you are too ? can you tell me ... are you satisfied with your salary ? so-s ... what ? so , so . it means : not really ... and hav you heard of marx ? yes . who was he ? go , macedoni , go ! go to hell ! hm ... you mean ... i mean in a few sentences . who was he ? he was a famous russi ... who was ... we als act by him ... a-h ... you want to say that he was a teacher of the working class ? of the working class of all the nations . yes , of the world '' s working class . hav you heard of marx ? what ? hav you heard of marx ? but of cours . in school . who was he ? he was ... he was ... how to say it ... he was a man who ... man from the top ! the man who invented socialism ? yes , yes . socialism . he '' s the father of the working class , the capitalwh wro a scientific thesis of a socialist concept . okay , thank you , cheers ! hav you heard of marx ? yes . who was marx ? how to answer this ... it '' s a stupid question ... marx was ... hav you heard of him ? yes ... marx , engels ... and who was he ? he was a russi ... scientist ... and which scien ? he was a gre man . politici . okay , thanks , fellow . what '' s your salary ? i earn 118 thousand . are you satisfied with that ? no . what are you doing her ? what do you want her ? are you crazy ? you can not film her ! you need a perm ! a thousand times in this odyssey of a lif of min , i thought abo grabbing a submachi gun and climbing up a pol at terazij ... that is to say if i was ready to die ... and then i would say everything that has been in my heart for 20 years ... in my honest , nob and huma lif , becaus as a marxist , i '' m a humanist abov all ... six years ago , i was in valjev , at the social welfar offi , asking for minimal help , as an unemployed person , and they knew me as a longtim worker who travels and often changes jobs , and only demands what he is entitled to . so they decided to bring in a psychiatrist . they probably assumed i was smart . the psychiatrist performed a detailed examination and said to the official ... that i was smarter than the official , the psychiatrist , and the one who '' d sent me . he said : tell the one who sent you to go fuck himself ! becaus ... say ... that the smart one told the smart ones that the smart one is smart . so i left the examination , and i left valjev , and stayed in belgrad as a smart one , to continu my search for a job ... written and directed by jov jovanovic miodrag milosevic