 magič misterič turnej roll up , roll up for the magical mystery tour , step right this way roll up , roll up for the mystery tour roll up , roll up for the mystery tour that '' s an invitation roll up for the mystery tour to mak a reservation ... roll up for the mystery tour the magical mystery tour is waiting to tak you away waiting to tak you away roll up , roll up for the mystery tour roll up , roll up for the mystery tour you everything you need ... roll up for the mystery tour satisfaction guaranteed ... roll up for the mystery tour the magical mystery tour is hoping to tak you away hoping to tak you away kad čovek kup kart zna šta ga oček . i to i dobij . neverovat the magical mystery tour roll up , roll up for the mystery tour that '' s an invitation ... roll up for the mystery tour to mak a reservation ... roll up for the mystery tour the magical mystery tour is coming to tak you away coming to tak you away the magical mystery tour is dying to tak you away dying to tak you away tak you today ... zakasnić ... ne mog brž da idem . sta ! hajd . ričard b. stark i njeg ujn , idem ja ... idi ! pošt jesam danas nede i lep pobog , hoćeš li prest da sedaš ? u red ! zašt žuriš ! ? ali , ne . stal nastavljaju.dobr jutr , ... reč ričard . dobar dan , gdi , reč kurir . kasn su.dobr jutr , dam i gospod , mom i devoj . dobrodoš na magič misterič turn ! ja jesam vaš kurir ... džo džim džonson ! svi prijate me zov džo džim , a vi jesam mi svi prijate ! ovo jesam vaš domaći , drag , div , prijat vend vinters . a ovo jesam naš vozač , sjaj vozač , nada se ... alf ! ukrca se , alf ! vež svoj pojas , dale , dale ide ! udob ti jesam tam , drag , zar ne ? ćao , drag . izv koki . prav kao ruk . ide . odlič ... iona , da ti kaž nešt , viš ne ideš sa mnom . ko jesam kup kar ? ja jesam ! da , moj nov ! ja jesam ih kup . dal jesam ti par . ja teb vod , ne ti men . dal jesam ti par , drag ... i stal gledaš ost mom od kak jesam doš ovd . začep ! nis ist od kak jesam umr ujk džek . narav da nisam , jer nemam ujk dže , zar ne ? treb da nađ drug , zar ne ? pošt nemam njeg , treb da nađ drug , zar ne ? bolj ti jesam da mal pleteš . za kog ? teb ? treb li da ti plet ? ne , nem da mi pleteš ... ko jesam taj čovek ? o , to jesam g. bladvesl . potpu jesam bezopas . ide na sva putovanj . mis da jesam kurir . poslednj put jesam misl da jesam vozač . znaš , kad jesam vid tvo prv film , pomisl jesam da jesam nešt poseb . da se nij zva plav dam ? dam u plav ili slič ? izvi , g ... hte biti da slikam mlad dam . dozvoljava ? dozvoljavam , ako i ona dozvoljav ... moj sreć dan . day after day ... alo on a hill the man with the foolish grin is keeping perfectly still but nobody wants to know him they can see that he '' s just a fool and he never gives an answer , but the fool on the hill sees the sun going down , and the eyes in his head see the world spinning `` round well on his way head in a cloud the man with a thousand voices talking perfectly loud but nobody ever hear him or the sound he appears to mak and he never seems to noti , but the fool on the hill sees the sun going down , and the eyes in his head see the world spinning `` round and nobody seems to lik him , they can tell what he wants to do and he never shows his feelings , but the fool on the hill sees the sun going down , and the eyes in his head see the world spinning `` round he never listens to them , he knows that they '' re the fools they don '' t lik him , the fool on the hill sees the sun going down , and the eyes in his head see the world spinning `` round dobr jutr mom i devoj , ja jesam gđi vinters . dobr jutr , gđi vinters , gđi vinters , gđi vinters ! da . imam nešt da vam kaž . ako mog nešt učin za vas , zna šta da rad ... mi iz magič misterij vam stoj na raspolaganj . hva vam ... dok autobus napušt grad i kreć dobr , skor sve ... i magij već poč da deluje.vr dobr ... `` ašt ! ? zašt ... zašt ? zašt ? vrl dobr , narednič , nastav ... pripre ! pozor ... ako pogleda lev , d. i g. , pogled i nij nešt inspirišuć . ali ako pogleda des ... iza plav horizont , izn obl , živ 4 ili 5 mađioničr koj pođ sa mnom na to taj mest , gde jesam bus ? gde jesam bus ? pst . gde jesam bus ? dolag . gde jesam bus ! ? autobus ... autobus jesam 10 milj sever od džuvsber put . sam 10 milj udaljen . 10 milj ... dam i gospod , brz , pogleda lev ! tam vid drev rim ruševi . zaist jesam bil tam užas dug vrem . zaprav ih jesam veo teš vid jer jesam sravnja sa zem ... u međuvrem , u autobus , magij jesam tak moć , da jesam čak poč jesam da pričaa.a dozvoljava , gospodi ... sam izvo . moj drag dam ... moj drag dam , zar vam intuicij ne kaž šta osećam ? ne prekida me ... iznos moj ... ja ... vas vol ! ja jesam kurir ... dobr jutr muškar ... i žen ... dobrodoš ... ja jesam vaš prijatelj kurir . moj ime jesam g. bladvesl . baster bladvesl . zabrin jesam za vas ... da se nauživa . u granic britan pristojnos . zna na šta misl ? jel tak ? pa , zna li ? da , g. bladvesl ! i am he as you are he as you are me , and we are all together see how they run lik pigs from a gun , see how they fly i '' m crying sitting on a cornfla waiting for the van to com corporation t-shirts , stupid bloody tuesday man , you '' ve been a naughty boy , you let your fac grow long i am the eggm , they are the eggmen i am the walrus mister city p '' licem sitting pretty litt policemen in a row see how they fly lik lucy in the sky , see how they run i '' m crying i '' m cry i '' m crying i '' m cry yellow matter custard dripping from a dead dog '' s eye crabalocker fishwif , pornographic priestess boy , you been a naughty girl and you let your knickers down i am the eggm , they are the eggmen i am the walrus sitting in an english garden , waiting for the sun if the sun don '' t com , you get a tan from standing in the eng . rain i am the eggm , they are the eggmen i am the walrus expert texpert choking smokers don '' t you think the joker laughs at you ? see how they smi lik pigs in a sty , see how they snid i '' m crying semoli pilchard climbing up the eiffel tower elementary penguin singing har krish man , you should hav seen them kicking edgar all poe i am the eggm , they are the eggmen i am the walrus imam poklon za teb , znaš li šta jesam ? ne . pogod ? neć . hajd , pogađa ? neć . pogod ? neć . pogod ! ? neć . dobićeš ga u svak sluča . Šta jesam to ? hoćeš da duneš ? neć . u red . treb li da ga dam džordž ? da . izvo , džordž . hva . dam i gospod , mol za vaš pažnj . naš predviđ vrem za dolazak jesam oko 13:15h . hva vam . sad , umuk ! umuk ti ! dost mi jesam ovog ! ne mog viš da izdrž ! silaz ! silaz ! ne histeriš ! tet džes jesam glad ... i sanj ... sanj hra , hra i hra ... prelep hra ... salat ... paradajz ... jab ... hra ... drag hra ... gom i gom špag ... ovog put jesam ozbilj ! ne- mog da diš , previš jesam . svo to blat , za 45 min ? jedv dolaz do dah ! to jesam unos , džes , ne istovar . jesam , jesam ! već jesam ... već tri put ove nede ... pobog , džes , sed dol ... zapam ... ne zan me ! ova biti on žel ... penand , pomog mi sa stepenic . dobr , gospođ . probud se , džes . ponov jesam ovd ! svi brz usta ! ther '' s a fog upon l.a. and my friends hav lost their way we '' ll be over soon they said now they '' ve lost themselves inste pleas don '' t be long pleas don '' t you be very long pleas don '' t be long or i may be asleep well it only goes to show and i told them wher to go ask a policem on the stre ther '' s so many ther to meet pleas don '' t be long pleas don '' t you be very long pleas don '' t be long or i may be asleep now it '' s past my bed i know and i '' d really lik to go soon will be the break of day sitting her in blu jay way pleas don '' t be long pleas don '' t you be very long pleas don '' t be long or i may be asleep pleas don '' t be long pleas don '' t you be very long pleas don '' t be long pa , pa , pa ... hajd , hajde.naz u autobus , hajd ... pitam se šta mađioničar sad sprema ? govoreć o tvoj magičn misterij , pol sat jesam traž taj šećer . pol sat jesam traž šećer . ima li 1 za men ? ima 1 ovd , rič . o , kak jesam ti , bonz ? novos o autobus ? bus jesam 10 milj sever od džuvsber put . i ima div vrem ! ima div vrem ! ima div vrem ... možeš li mi reć šta jesam sledeć na red ? pes . ne , ne ... ne ti . oni ! u autobus ! pridruž se . Šta jesam sa vam ? dam i gospod , kad kočij sta , gospod nek pra g. džonso , a dam nek osta sa mnom . that night cuti called a cab baby don '' t do that she left her east sid room so drab baby don '' t do that she went out on the town knowin '' it would mak her lover frown death-cab for cuti death-cab for cuti someo '' s gon na mak you pay your far the cab was racin '' through the night baby don '' t do that his eyes in the mirror , keepin '' cuti in sight baby don '' t do that when he saw cuti , it gav him a thrill don '' t you know , baby curves can kill death-cab for cuti death-cab for cuti someo '' s gon na mak you pay your far cuti , don '' t you play with fat , don '' t leav your lover alo if you go out on this dat , his heart will turn to sto bad girl , cuti , what hav you don baby don '' t do that slippin '' slidin '' down- highway 31 baby don '' t do that he traffic lights changed from green to red they tried to stop but they both wound up dead death-cab for cuti death-cab for cuti someo '' s gon na mak you pay your far someo '' s gon na mak you pay your far ... someo '' s gon na mak you pay your far let '' s all get up and dan to a song that was a hit befor your mother was born though she was born a long , long tim ago your mother should know ... your mother should know sing it again , let '' s all get up and dan to a song that was a hit befor your mother was born though she was born a long , long tim ago your mother should know your mother should know lift up your hearts and sing me a song that was a hit befor your mother was born though she was born a long , long tim ago your mother should know your mother should know ... your mother should know your mother should know ... sing it again though she was born a long , long tim ago your mother should know your mother should know ... your mother should know your mother should know ... your mother should know your mother should know ... roll up ... roll up for the mystery tour that '' s an invitation ... roll up for the mystery tour to mak a reservation ... roll up for the mystery tour the magical mystery tour is coming to tak you away coming to tak you away the magical mystery tour is dying to tak you away dying to tak you away , tak you today i to jesam bil magič misterič