 cercas troy , you must stop lying . not lying , the black had a watermelon of this siz and said : what watermelon , mr. rand ? i almost fall . what watermelon , mr. rand ? and it was right ther . what mr. rand say ? nothing . the black is too dumb to know that wearing a watermelon , did not mak much sens to him . he tried to hid that hug watermelon under his coat . afraid that the whi man saw him tak hom . i '' m lik you , i hav no tim for that kind of peop . but why he looked angry to see the fac of union man talking to mr. rand ? he cam to me saying : troy maxson will get us fired . i told him to stay away from me with thos things . it was calling troublemakers . what mr. rand say ? he said nothing . he told me to go to the commissioner '' s offi on friday . high ! i was called ther to see them . well , whi you hav your cla can not fir . it was what he told me one of them . i do not car to get me fired . will they fir me becaus i asked a question ? it was all i did . i went with mr. rand and asked . i asked why , why whites and blacks lead load ? i said , what is the probl did not i tell ? do you think that only the whites know how to driv a truck ? for this you need a rol . anyo can do it . how is it that all whi lead and black bear ? he said : talk abo it with the union . well , it '' s what i '' ll do . now they will com to me with that pil of lies . browni told that if they com to ask something to tell the truth . it '' s just something they invented you becaus you mad the complaint . browni does not understand much , do not worry abo anything . all i want is to chang the job description , that giv everyo a chan to driv the truck . browni does not see that , do not understand things . how do you think you get to be with this girl taylor is on all the tim , that such albert ? who ? browni . lik you and me . gets the sam as us , which is nothing . if not ? i think you do better than me . and i will not tell you what i do . black , look her , i know you . if you had com somewher with that girl , 20 minutes later you '' d be looking for someo to tell . and the first thing you say when you wanted to show off , is me . i did not say that . i see you hav cast the eye . i do it all . i do not miss anything . anyo tell you that troy maxson does not look at women . you '' ve been doing mor than that , you inv one or two drinks . of cours , i invited her to a drink . what abo it ? i als paid one . what does he inv a drink ? i '' m just being pol . pay him a drink is fin , that '' s what '' s being pol . but when you want to inv two or thre , to that it is what you call keeping an eye . look , sin you know me , did you see me chasing women ? of cours ! sin you know , you forg that you knew that . no , i mean sin i married ros . not sin you married ros . that '' s tru . i agre . okay then . cas closed . i saw you walking down the hous of albert . you wer supposed to taylor '' s , and you wer walking ther . why do you watch wher i '' m going ? i '' m not watching . i saw you i saw walking around mor than onc . you can see me going anywher , it means nothing that you saw me . by the way wher she com from ? it cam out of nowher one day . tallahasse . only see it you realiz that it is in florid . they hav very healthy women over ther . they grow from the sam soil . ther are som indi in it . most blacks in florid hav som indi . i do not know what the indi sid , but it sur is very healthy . the wom wears a gre stockings . she has gre legs and hips as wid as the mississipp river . the legs are useless , what you do is rem the medium . but the hips cushion the rid . troy , you '' re crazy . it is tru . it '' s lik riding with a pair of goodyears . what are you two talking abo ? why do you car abo what we talked abo , wom ? it is a talk of men . who says i car ? â¿bo , you '' ll stay for dinner ? no , thank you , ros . but lucil said she cooked a pork leg . â¿pork leg ? damn , i go hom with you . it could even sleep over if you giv me pork leg . do you hav anything that exceeds a leg of pork , ros ? i '' m doing chicken , som chicken and collard greens . well , back to the hous and let me finish what i was talking to bon . this is a talk of men . i '' ll talk to you later . you know what kind of conversation is . com in and ... i empã³lvat . troy , just that . wom , com her . mã­r , bon . when i met this wom for the first tim , i left that pla and said : amarren my pony , saddled my mar ther is a wom out ther for me somewher . i looked her and ther , i saw ros and clung to her . i grabbed her and said : i '' ll tell you the truth . i grabbed her and said : honey , do not want to marry . i just want to be your man . ros said ... tell me what you told me , ros . i told him if was the kind of things not marry , to leav for thos who did marry me find . what he told me was : black , you '' re in my way , tapas me sight . salt means for you to find me a husband . i thought for two or thre days . they wer not two or thre days . cam back the sam night . back and say : all right , honey , but i '' m going to buy a rooster and i '' ll put it in the yard so that when you see a stranger , bat their wings and get to sing . look good , bon . i could see the front door himself , what worried me was the back door . troy , you should not talk lik that . all you say is a lie . the only thing is that when we got married , forg the rooster ... we had pat . i know how it is . i and lucil lived in log stre . we had two rooms , with the toil in the back . i did not car who was outsid , but when he passed that damn wind during the winter , then yes . today i wonder why i stayed ther for six long years . you see , i did not know i could not do anything to impr it . i thought only whi peop had toilets insid the hous . many peop do not know they can impr what they do now . it '' s something you hav to learn . many still buy with bel . ther is nothing wrong with buying ther . they hav fresh food . i did not speak of fresh food , i talk abo how much they charg for it . charges 10 cents mor than a & p. a & p has never don anything for me . i spend wher i was treated well . i get ther and ask for a loaf of bre , i say payment on friday and giv it to me . what '' s the point when i hav money and spend it elsewher ignoring the person who mad me well ? that '' s not in the bib . do not talk abo what is in the bib . what sens is ther when it comes to buying you mor ? you buy anywher , i '' ll do it wher i can help . i do not think it '' s right that she copper you mor . it '' s what i say . i hav to go , if not going to scold me lucil . wher are you going , black ? not just this bott , see hav to terminã¡rnos . i would , if i ever loos . all i say a & p is cory glad i got work ther . it helps to deal with the costs of school uniform and all . gab moved from her and things are tightening . it has that job , so you can begin to tak car of himself . cory was recruited by a colleg football team . i told that boy abo football . whites never let that grow in football . i said the first tim he cam to me with that . now you com and tell me becam mor involved . it should be recruited on how to fix cars or something wher i can mak money . he is not talking abo making a living playing football . it '' s just something that kids do in school . they will send a recruiter to talk to you . he will explain that lif will not win on that . it is an honor to be recruited . he will not get anywher . bon you can tell . if you are going to be lik you in sports , it will be fin . ther are only two men who played baseball as well as you . bab ruth y josh gibson . they are the only two who hav hit mor hom runs than you . and what it is what gav me ? i hav no wher to urina , or a window from wher to throw the water . when you played times hav changed , troy . that was befor the war . times hav changed a lot . how the hell changed ? ther are a lot of color playing now . baseball and football . you '' re right abo that , ros . times hav changed , troy . you cam too early . ther has never been a tim called too early . this man , for examp ... what was the one who had playing right field in yankees ? you know who i mean , bon . he played in right field for the yankees . selkirk ? selkirk yeah , that one. ! you batted .269 averag , understand ? .269 ! what sens does that mak ? i was hitting .432 with 37 hom runs , that .269 and playing right field for the yankees . i saw josh gibson '' s daughter yesterday . he walked around with ragged shoes on the feet . i bet the daughter of selkirk does not walk with shoes as well . many players hav color now , jacki robinson was the first . we all had to wait for him . i hav seen hundreds of blacks better than jacki robinson play . hell , i know som teams wher jacki and entered . what are you talking abo jacki robinson . he was nobody . what i say is that if you can play , they should let you play . no matter what color you are . i do not giv me that i arrived very early . if you can play , they should let you play . you '' ll both die of drink . you do not need to drink as well . the death is nothing . i hav seen her . i fought with her . you can not tell me anything of death . death is nothing mor than a fastball on the outsid corner , and you know what i do that . hold on her , bon . i '' m lying ? when it comes a fastball , to the waist , at the corner outsid the pla wher you can hold the bat hard and ... and god ! you can kiss goodby . i '' m lying ? no , you '' re right . i '' ve seen him do it . if i '' m lying , they are lying 137 meters . that is all that is death to me : a fastball on the outsid corner . i do not know why you want to keep talking abo death . ther is nothing wrong with talking abo death , that '' s part of lif . we all die , you die , i als lik bon . we will all die . but you do not hav to talk abo it . i do not lik . it was you who mentioned it , bon and i wer talking baseball . you told me to die so much drink . not so , bon ? you know i do not drink this but one night a week . and it '' s friday night . i will spend my drink witho lim . then i will not touch , i shall leav asid . so do not worry if i '' m going to die of so much drinking , becaus death does not worry me . and i saw and i struggled with it . hear this , bon . one day i saw that death cam marching straight toward me . as soldiers on parad . the army death he was marching straight toward me . it was mid-july 1941. it was very cold , and winter . death itself reached out and touched my shoulder . he touched me as i touch you now . i froz and death was standing ther smiling at me . troy , why not stop talking . i said , what do you want , mrs. death ? am i you looking for ? is he commanded his army to arrest me ? i looked straight int his eyes . she was not any fear . he was ready for action , just as i am now . the bib says that we are attentiv . so i never get drunk . i need to be alert . troy was hospitalized at mercy hospital , you remember that had pneumoni ? lying ther with a fever talking nonsens . death was standing ther looking at me with that sick in his hand . finally he tells me : do you want to continu lif mor than one year ? i said , well said ... do you want to continu one mor year of lif ? i said , ! continu in hell let '' s sett this now . it seems that recanted when i said that . then all i was cold . i went down , i grabbed that sick , i threw it as far as i could and the two beg to fight . we fight for ... up one , they van 6 ... thre days and thre nights ! i do not know wher i got the strength , every tim it seemed i was going to win , he looked deep in my soul and was forces to comb it . whenever troy tells that story finds different ways of doing it . several different things that invents appear . i '' m not inventing anything , wom . i '' m just saying the facts of what happened . i struggled with death for 3 days and 3 nights and i '' m her to tell the tal . well ... at the end of the third night we weaken us so much we could hardly mov . dying ros , he threw his rob ... it was whi , with a hood . he threw the rob and went out to get his sick and said : i will be back . walking and ... i will be back . i said , yeah . well , you hav to find me . he was no fool , did not want to die . we can not play with it . i know one day i catch you , i know i '' ll join his army , his companions . but whi you hav strength and see arriv , whi continuing alert , you will hav to fight me to get me . it will not be easy . well , look over her . sin you hav to be alert , let me stay with the bott . i should not hav told you that part . i should rem it . troy goes around talking abo it and half the tim and he does not know what he '' s talking abo . bon knows me well . so is . i know you hav a bit of unc remus in the blood . you hav mor stories than the devil has sinners . to him i '' ve seen . i hav spoken with the devil . hel , old . why do you leav me with that hel , old man ? how you doing , ros ? sir bon , how are you ? hel , lyons . how hav you been ? should do well , no i saw it her last week . troy , leav your son alo . whenever you start coming to see you with that . i '' m not bothering . tak baby . we understand each other . i know why you com to me and he knows i know . com on , dad . just passing to say hel and see how you wer . yesterday you did not pass . will you stay to eat , lyons ? i hav the chicken in the oven . no , ros , thank you . it was in the neighborhood and thought i '' d spend a min . you wer in the neighborhood yes , black . ther they told the truth . you wer in the neighborhood becaus it is the day of my pay . well , sin you mentioned it , why not giv me $ 10. fuck ! i die , i '' m going to hell and play blackjack with the devil befor you ten dollars . that '' s what i want to know , that devil you saw . dad saw the devil ? yes you are exaggerated , dad . i saw him and talked with him as well . you hav not seen anyo . i told you that man has nothing to do with the devil . everything you do not understand , want to call the devil . look over her , bon . i went to hertzberger for som furnitur . thre beds for $ 298. it is what was said on the rad . thre beds for $ 298. they did even a litt music . i get ther and the man tells me he could not giv me cred . i work all day and i can not tak cred . what was he doing ? i hav an empty hous with old furnitur . cory does not hav bed , sleeping on top of a pil of rags on the floor . i work all day and i can not open cred . i returned , ask ros , dudgeon . trying to think what to do . someo knocks on the door . he had lived only thre days her . who knows you liv her ? i open the door and the devil standing ther , imposing . a whi guy , good clothes . standing with a clipboard in hand . i did not hav to say anything , the first thing he said was : i know you need som furnitur and could not get cred . i nearly fell ther . he said : i giv all the cred you want , but you hav to pay the interest . i said , giv me thre beds , charg me whatever you want . the next day cam a truck and two men unloaded thre beds . the driver of the truck gav me a book . it said , send $ 10 the first of each month to the address book and everything will be fin . if missing a payment , and the devil would be hell to pay . that was 15 years ago , to this very day the first of every month , i send my $ 10. specifically , ask ros . troy is lying . i '' ve never seen this man . tell me then who could hav been but the devil . and i did not sell my soul or anything . i would not do anything lik that with the devil , but i hav my furnitur . and send my $ 10 on tim . how long you say you '' ve been sending the $ 10 a month ? for 15 years . and still not finished paying ? how much you charged the man ? and i finished paying , i paid abo 10 times . but i hav afraid to stop . he is lying . we bought the furnitur to mr. glickm . he is not paying anyo $ 10. and wom , bon knows i '' m not that dumb . i was abo to say i know wher ther is a bridg for sal . i tell you one thing , i do not car if it was the devil . i do not car if he gives cred . someo has to giv . you should matter . andas saying that bargained with the devil , god is the one who must answer . he is the one who will judg you . yes . well , look dad , giv me the $ 10. i will return you . bonni got a job at the hospital . what '' d i tell you , bon ? the only tim i see this black it is when he wants something . it '' s the only tim i see it . com on , dad . mr. bon will not hav to hear all that . giv me $ 10. i told you that bonni is working . what does that mean for me ? i do not car if she works . ask her the $ 10 if you are working . i you go out with that bonni is working . why you do not work ? dad , you know i can not find a decent job . wher do i find one ? you know i can not get one . i said i know som peop ther . i can get something in the trash if you want to work . i already told you the last tim you cam her asking . no , dad , thank you . that '' s not for me , i do not want to load the garbag from anyo . i do not want anyo pull the recorder clock . what is the probl ? are you too good to load the garbag outsid ? wher do you think are the $ 10 of which you speak ? i am supposed to charg the trash of others and giv my money becaus you '' re too lazy to work ? you '' re too lazy to work and you wonder why you do not hav min . what hospital works bonni ? in the mercy ? it is in the passavant working in the laundry . i will not giv anything . if i giv you $ 10 , i eat beans the rest of the week . you will not get $ 10 her . you do not hav to eat beans . i do not know why you say that . i do not spar the money ! gab moved , i paid the rent to mrs. pearl , and things hav been tight . i can not afford to giv money forever . i did not ask you to giv me anything , just lik the i borrowed . i know you hav $ 10. yes i hav them . you know why ? becaus i do not was my money on the streets . you want to liv the easy lif , being a musici and riding clubs . then you learn to tak car of yourself . ever you see anyo asking me anything . need i spent many years . we '' re different , dad . i learned from my mistakes and how to mak things right . you try to get something for fre . lif owes you nothing . you owe it to yourself . ask bon , will tell you i '' m right . you hav your way of dealing with the world , i hav min . the only thing that matters is the music . yes , i see it . not interested in how you are eating , wher is your next money . yes , you tell the truth . i know i hav to eat , but i hav to liv . i need something to help me get out of bed in the morning . that makes me feel part of the world . not bother anyo . i '' ll just stick with my music becaus it is the only way of lif i found in this lif . otherwis , no one would know what you could do . i '' m not her to criticiz you or the way you liv . i just cam to ask you for $ 10. i do not want to hear all this abo how to liv . boy , your mother spent a lot of work to rais you . you can not chang me , dad . now i hav 34 years . if you want chang , you should be ther when growing up . i just cam to see you . i asked $ 10 , and want to talk abo how i was raised . you hav no ide how i was raised . giv him $ 10 the boy , troy . what the fuck are you looking at me ? i do not hav , you know what i do with my money . giv you the $ 10 if you want to giv them . i will , as soon as the des me . are her . 76 dollars and 22 cents . did you see that , bon ? i will not see a penny of it . to be lying . tak , lyons . thank you , ros . i hav to go , see you later . wait a min . you say thank you , ros , but not put to see wher she got the money . did you see how is the thing , bon ? i know i got you , dad . thank you , i will return . now you '' re lying again . when you pay me the $ 10 , you will be owing me $ 30 mor . see you , mr. bon . tak car of yourself , lyons . thanks dad . see you soon . i do not know why it will not and is looking for a decent job and tak car of the wif he has . it will be fin , troy . the boy is still young . the boy is 34 years old . do not start with that . i hav to go , i '' m leaving . lucil is waiting for me . did you see this wom , bon ? i lov this wom . i lov her so much it hurts me . i lov her so much that i ended up loving her wishes . so i need to get back to basics . do not com by the hous early to say it '' s tim to work . i '' ll still be giving hard . troy , for that . i ignor him , ros . they are words of drunk . continuing , troy . i '' ll see you monday . do not pass by my hous , black ! already i told you what i '' ll be doing ! com back on tuesday ! jesus , i know a fenced around me every day . good morning . ready for breakf ? i can preparã¡rt as soon finish laying thes clothes . already i started making coffe , okay . i just want a bit of that this morning . he left 651 yesterday . it is the second tim this month , mrs. pearl one dollar earned . it seems that thos who least need always lucky . the poor never win . the numbers are nothing . i do not know why fooled by that , you and lyons . it '' s something to do . what you '' re doing is throwing money away . you know i do not play the fool . only 5 cts gam her or ther . his 5 cts that tir . sometimes i win . it is balanced , always good when i win . then do not complain . i '' m not complaining , but i say that '' s nonsens . try to guess which of the 600 numbers will com out . if i had all the money from thes black ... the money from thos blacks who pull in lottery for a week , in just one week it would be rich . well , think and call it nonsens it will not prevent bet on the numbers , that '' s for sur . als , good things com to gamb . look pop bought the restaurant with numbers . i hat blacks as well . the man had not two pennies to liv . he walked with worn shoes asking for money for cigarettes . okay , looking luck . aciã©rt numbers . troy , and i know the old story . ten common sens at least . and i '' ll tell you , do not throw money . i hav seen black gamb and spend up to two thousand dollars in 4 days . the man bought the restaurant down , fixed it pretty well , and then not let anyo enter . if a black went ther , nobody attended . i saw a whi go in ther and mak a stew . pop pulled all the meat to put it to him . the man no longer had for a meat dish . a black cam up behind him and not giv him mor than potatoes and carrots . are you talking with that win the lottery ? you picked a bad examp . it is nothing mor than a fool wors than it was befor . troy ... you will hav to stop worrying abo what happened yesterday at work . i am not worried . i just told off friday to the offi of the commissioner , everyo worried that i might be fired , i do not car abo that . you do not hav to worry abo that . wher is cory ? it '' s in the hous ? cory ! he left . he left ? he left , becaus he knows i want to work on this closely . i know how he is . that boy is afraid to work . he has not worked in your lif . he had football practi . the coach wanted to coach a litt mor befor the season . i know your worko , out of her befor finishing her chores . â¿troy , what '' s your probl today ? nothing '' s okay . go back to bed and get up the other sid . why something must be wrong with me ? i said i had something wrong . you got something to say everything . numbers first , then the way that restaurant is directed . now it is with cory . what '' s next ? look up and see if the weather '' s okay . or is it going to be how you put the fen with the clothes hanging in the yard ? you guessed that . i know it lik the palm of my hand . comes to giv a litt mor coffe . see if that straightens you , becaus you '' re not good this morning . good ... prunes ! thre for 25 cents ! com and buy now ! becaus i am her today and tomorrow i '' ll be gon ! i ask how to sell them , 10 cts each . or thre 25 cts ! com and buy now ! hears ! becaus i am her today and i '' ll be gon tomorrow . ther '' s troy . hi , troy . hol , gab . hi , ros . hi , gab . what hav you got ther ? you know what i hav , ros ? i fruits and vegetables . wher are the plums of which you speak ? today i hav plums , ros . i was just singing . i '' ll bring som tomorrow . i mad a larg order of plums , i '' ll bring enough plums morning to san pedr and everyo . troy is ups with me . i '' m not , gab . becaus it would be ? i hav not don anything . i moved to the hous of mrs. pearl to not be in your way . i dont want to offend . who says you offend me ? i never said anything lik that . you are not mad with me ? i '' m not , gab . if i wer , i told you . com on , get out of the stre . com on . i rented two rooms in the basement . i hav my own door too . you want to see my key ? this is my own key and no one has a key equal . it is my key to my two quarters . that '' s good , gab . you hav your own key , that '' s good . are you hungry , gab ? he was preparing to troy breakf . i accept a biscu . hav a ? did you know that when i was in heaven , every morning we would sit san pedr and me in the door and we ate som big rolls ? yes , good tim . we sat and ate bagels . then san pedr went to bed and told me to wak him when it was tim to open the doors for trial . well , you '' ll see a lot of rolls . troy , san pedr has your nam in the book . i saw him , said : troy maxson . i said , i know . it has the sam nam as me . that '' s my brother ! how many times going to tell me that , gab ? my nam was not in the book . they hav to hav my nam . already i died and gon to heaven . but they do hav your nam . one morning , san pedr was looking in his book making notes for trial , and let me see thy nam . it was under the letter m. it was the nam of ros . it did not look lik yours , but i know it '' s ther . it had a hug book ! they wer the names of all who wer born . that '' s what he told me , but i saw your nam , i saw with my own eyes . com in , ros will prepar something to eat . i '' m not hungry . and i had breakf with aunt jem . he cam and gav me many pancakes ! com in , ros will prepar something . remember how you eat them ? i remember . com on . i hav to go ! gab ! gab , com on ! i hav to sell my plums ! i sold som tomatoes , i got $ 0.50. you want to see ? i '' ll sav to buy a new trump to san pedr can hear me when it '' s tim to open the doors . did you hear that ? did you hear that ? are the hounds of hell . i hav to chas them away from her . com on , get out of her ! outsid ! outsid ! outsid ! you all members hypocrites , they are wasting their tim . my god calls workers and you better obey . prepar for the judgment ! prepar for the judgment ! better prepar yourself for trial ! my god calls the workers . prepar for the judgment ! prepar for the judgment ! prepar for the judgment ! my god calls the workers . prepar for the judgment ! prepar for the judgment ! wher is gab ? he went somewher . he is not eating well . mrs. pearl says you can not mak something to eat . what do you want me to do , ros ? i hav don everything i could for him . i can not mak it better . half of his head exploded . what did you expect ? it should do something to help . it does not bother anyo . it was thus only by the metal pla you hav in your head . has no sens ... it makes no sens to send him to hospital . at least eat well . they can help you tak car of itself . nobody wants to be caught , ros . what do you want to lock him up ? man goes out ther fighting their war against the japanes , his head exploded him . he was given a measly 3,000 and had to mak do with that . are you going to com back with that ? it has a metal pla in his head . it was the only way we had a roof , the metal pla . it makes no sens to blam yourself for something . gab was not in a position to manag that money . you did what was best for him . no one can say otherwis . look how long it took car of him . until wanted to hav his own hom and mov in with mrs. pearl . that '' s not what i say , wom . alo ... i '' m telling you the facts . if my brother had not had that pla in his head something which would not urina or throw a window wher . wher are you going ? you '' re gon from her every saturday for weeks . i thought you wer working on the fen . i '' ll taylor '' s ... mom ? cory , your father almost had something when you left in the morning witho doing your chores . you '' re good ? he said he was supposed to hav you help with the fen . i said i was going to go to training . he said that in the last 4 or 5 on saturday and then never does anything . is going to taylor '' s. did you tell the recruiter ? yes , i said . what did he say ? he did not say much . go do your homework befor you return . go cle the stairs , befor he gets back , screaming and demanding . com on , boy ! go ! troy ! you '' d lik to kill you scar ! how was the gam ? lucil had me on the pho and i could not know how it turned out . what i car abo the gam ? com her , wom . i thought you went to tayilor '' s to listen to the gam . for , troy ! you wer supposed to fix the fen . i '' ll do when i finish with what ... with what i hav in hand . stop , troy ! i will not get in your gam ! i do and i '' ll giv you a lesson ! troy , leav me alo ! wher is cory ? that guy and brought her back hom ? it is at hom doing their homework . cory , com her ! wher are you going ? i '' ll be right back . when ? i '' m just going down the stre . wher ? with whom ? troy , enters the hous ! did you just arriv from the morning ? yes , i had to train football . if that ? yes sir . i got two seconds after you , you can not be . the trash is full , you hav not don your homework , and you com her saying , yes . i was preparing to do , dad . your first duty is to help with the fen on saturday , then another . now tak that saw and cut the boards . hey dad . why not buy a tv ? why do i want a tv ? why do i want one ? everyo has one . earl , barbr , jess ... i did not ask who had one . did i say what i want ? to se her . they spend a lot on tv . baseball and all that . yes ? we can see the world series . how much does a tv ? i do not know , they hav one for sal for abo $ 200 . 200 dollars ? not much , dad . no , they are only $ 200. do you see that roof over your head at night ? let me tell you something abo that roof . 10 years after the last settlement of that ceiling ago . when winter arrives and snow covers the roof , it will filter when melted . it will be a litt , not much noti . the next thing you will see is that seep through the hous , the wood will rot by water and will need a new roof . how much you think it costs to waterproof the roof ? i dont know . $ 264 in cash . you see ? whi you think of a tv , i hav to think abo the roof . or any other probl her . if you had $ 200 what would you do ? do i fix the roof or buy the tv ? buy the tv . then when the roof starts to leak , if necessary the arrangement . wher will you get the money ? and you spent it on tv . you '' ll sit and watch the water all over your new tv . dad , you hav money . i know you hav it . wher did i hav ? in the bank . want to see my bank account ? want to see the $ 73.22 that i hav ther ? you do not hav to pay onc , you can giv something and bring it hom . no , i do not owe anyo anything if i can help . if i miss a payment they com and tak him from the hous . then what do you hav ? you see ? now when you hav the $ 200 fre , then i buy a tv . right now , when you hav $ 264 , i will do to fix the roof . dad ! go find your $ 200 and buy a tv if you want . i hav better things to do with my money . i can not get $ 200. i '' ve never seen $ 200. i tell you one thing : get $ 100 and i will compl the other $ 100. okay , i i '' ll show you . you '' re going to show how you '' re going to cut the boards . her you hav . that is worth $ 200. the pirates won today . ther are already fiv in a row . i do not think the pirates , all are whi on that computer . they hav that guy ... that puert ric boy , clement . not even play . it could be someo if given a chan . you get to play one day and sit on the bench to the other . it has many possibilities to play . i say always play , if regularly to keep fit . that . they als hav targets that do not always play . you can not get them all at the sam tim . if you hav a whi bench , you can bet it '' s not good . the black has to be doubly good befor entering the team . that '' s why you do not want moorings to sports . the man is on the team , and what brings them ? they hav the black on the computer and do not use it . it '' s lik not having it . all teams are equal . the braves hav to hank aaron and wes covington . hank aaron took two hom runs today , that makes 43 in total . aaron is nobody . he did what he had to do . this is how you '' re supposed to play . it is nothing extraordinary . it is a matter of tim , giv it when it is . it could giv 43 hom runs now . you are not a major leagu pitch , could not . we had a best throw in the negr leagues . i mad seven homers against satchel paig . you can not do better . sandy koufax is a leader in strikeouts . i '' m not thinking abo sandy koufax . warren spahn hav already lew burdet . i got tired of this talk . keep cutting boards . your mother told me you recruited a colleg football team . â¿n ? yes , the coach zellm says the recruiter will talk to you . to perm firm documents . i thought you wer going to work in a & p. are not you going to work after studying ? mr. stawick said i will ensur my sin until the season is over . if you start next week i can work weekends . i thought we had an agreement with all that soccer . you kept your duties and would work in that position of a & p. you hav not been her all day saturday , you hav not don any of your homework and now you tell me that will not work . i will work on weekends . surely yes ! no need to com her to talk to anyo signing anything . dad , you can not do that . com from north caroli . i do not car wher it comes from . look , boy . the whites will not let you get anywher with the ball . learn from books so you can work and mov up in a & p , and learn to fix cars , build houses or something . find yourself a job , so you hav something that nobody can tak away from you . learn to mak good use of your hands in addition to collecting the garbag of others . i got good grades , dad . so the recruiter wants to talk to you . you hav to hav good grades to be recruited . so i can go to colleg and hav a chan . first , you hav to go ther and get your job back . mr. stawick already hired someo becaus i said i would play . you are mor idiot than i thought . you '' ll let someo tak your job so you can play football . wher will you get the money to get out your girlfriend ? what kind of idiocy is that of letting someo takes your job ? i will work on weekends . do not . get your ass out of her and find another job . com on , dad . i hav to train i can not work and play football . the team needs me . that '' s what it says zellm . i do not car what he says , i am the boss , you know ? i '' m the boss her . what i say is what counts . dad ... i asked you if you understood . if that ? yes sir . very good . you '' re going to a & p to return you your job . if you can not do both , then renounces the football team . you hav to accept the straight lines with curves . yes sir . i can ask you a question ? what are you going to ask ? mr. stawick is who will do that . why you never lik you you abo me ? â¿pleas me ? who says you hav to pleas me ? what is the law that says i hav to pleas you ? you stand on my fac and mak me such a silly question . what '' s that fel someo ? com her when you speak . straighten up , damm . i asked you a question . what law says you hav to pleas me ? any . very good . you do not eat every day ? he responds when you speak . you do not eat every day ? yeah . black , whi in my hom , you tell me sir , when you talk to me . yes sir . do you eat every day ? yes sir . you hav a roof . yes sir . clothes to wear . yes sir . why do you think that is ? for you . of cours i know it is for me . but why do you think that is ? why do you lik me ? if i lik you ? i leav her every morning , i break the back holding whi every day . becaus i lik you ? you '' re the dumbest i '' ve ever seen . it '' s my job , it '' s my responsibility . it is assumed that a man must car for his family . you liv in my hous , i filled my belly with food , sleep in my bed becaus you '' re my son . not becaus i agrades it is my duty to tak car of you . i hav a responsibility to you . let this clear her now befor proceeding further . you do not hav to lik me . mr. rand does not pay me becaus i lik me . he pays me becaus i must . i hav given all i had to giv you . i gav you lif ! your mother and i did , and i would lik your black ass was not part of the business . you do not go for your lif worrying abo whether someo likes you or not . better mak sur you respect . understand what i say ? yes sir . then out of my sight and go running to the a & p. why not let the guy play football , troy ? just try to be lik you in sports . i do not want to be lik me . i want to stay away as much as possib of my lif . you wer the only decent thing happened to me , ros . i want that for him . but i do not want any mor of my lif . i decided 17 years ago that my son would not get involved in sports . not after what they did to me . â¿troy , why not adm you wer too old for the majors ? at least onc , why not adm it ? what do you mean it was very old ? was that was not the right color . i am 53 years and i can do better than .269 of selkirk right now . how could you play baseball when you wer abo 40 ? sometimes what you say makes no sens . yes i hav , wom . i hav enough to not let my child be hurt in sports . you giv too dear , and so worried if peop lik him . everything that makes the guy , does it for you . he wants you to say . good job , son that '' s it . i do not hav tim for that , ros . it is aliv , healthy . you hav to mak a living . i did min . no one will giv you hand when out in the world . times hav changed , troy . peop chang . the world changes and you can not even see it . wom , i do the best i can . i com her every friday . i bring a sack of potatoes and a buck of lard . everyo gets in the door spreading his hands . i giv you all of my bag , i giv my swe and my blood . i hav no tears . the i shed all . we climbed to fourth night , i am given me by your sid and i try to get som sleep . i get up early on monday , i find my lunch at the tab , i leav and i seek strength to reach the following friday . it '' s all i hav , ros . all that i hav to giv . i can not giv anything mor ! mr. maxson . the commissioner will see you now . â¡ros ! hey , ros ! i wish i could hav seen his fac when mr. rand told you . i could not get it out of his mouth , as if he ate her tongu . when i called the offi of the commissioner thought he would fir me . as everyo . i did not think you fired . i thought you would get a warning . hey , ros ! yes , mr. rand likes to bit his tongu . i saw you running to taylor '' s to tell albert . hey , ros ! i told everyo . hey , ros ! i went ther to collect my money . stop yelling , i know you arrived . what you said ther ? you hav to com when i call you , wom . ask bon . â¿lucil does not com when you call ? shut up , i '' m not your dog . do not tell me when i call comes . did you hear that , bon ? had an old dog put arrogant . was saying : com her , blu ! it was put ther and you star . he ended by throwing a stick and chased him to bring it . i '' m going to ignor you or your dog . i remember you used to sing that old song . hear ! hear ! he had a dog named blu . nobody wants to hear you sing that old song . blu was very loyal . cory remember running around her singing that song . i remember her . blu was a good dog . blu cornered a possum in a hollow log . it was a song my father . my father invented . i do not car who invented it . i do not want to hear you sing . com her , wom ! do not giv me that . i know you did not fir . what you said in the commissioner '' s offi ? look , ros , mr. rand called me int his offi after i cam back to talk to thos peop ther . he called me and told me ... i would chauffeur . troy , you '' re kidding ! of cours not . ask bon . that '' s gre , troy . now you do not hav to bother anyo els . damn it ... i did not think i '' d see you today . i thought you wer a prisoner . it was on the front pag of the courier the assault on seefus , wher you you spend with all thos lowlifes . hey , dad , that had nothing to to do with me . i '' m not going ther to play , i '' ll be with the band . i hav nothing to do with the gambling . they hav good music ther . ther are rascals ther is not . how you been , mr. bond ? hi , ros . i saw wher you '' re going to play in crawford grill tonight . why did not you bring bonni as i told you ? you should hav brought . he has not been her in a whi . i was just in the neighborhood , i thought i '' d stop . her it comes . your father was promoted . it will be the first driver of color . you just hav to sit ther and read the newspaper as whites . dad , if you knew how to read you '' d be right . no no . you mean if i knew how to hand would be good . he has been fighting all driving and even licensed . did mr. rand knows that you hav no licens ? driving is easy , all you do is tak the truck wher you want to go . driving is simp . you know you hav no licens ? that is what i mean . i did not ask if it was easy , i asked if rand knows that you hav no licens . he did not hav to know abo my business . for when i know , i '' ll hav two or thre licenses . so , dad ... i knew you '' d com up with something . he knew how everything was . the black wants som money . it '' s friday night , is my pay day . all thes criminals are on the stre , thos who are not imprisoned lyons and is despera to go to join them . you see , dad . if you gav someo a chan to talk sometimes , you would see that i was going to return the $ 10 as i promised . her , i told you i would giv when you pay to bonni . no , stay with that $ 10 and put them in the bank . the next tim you want to com and ask me for something , you go ther and tak it . her are your $ 10 , dad . i said it was just rendered . no , keep them for the next tim you want to ask me . dad , tak the $ 10. troy , let the guy pay you . her it is , ros . if you do not tak it , i '' ll hav to listen for the next 6 months . you can giv me yours too , troy . you see , bon ? did you see how he treats me ? yes , lucil tre me the sam . it is better to prepar for trial . it is better to ... look , the son of troy ! how you doing , unc gab ? lyons ! king of the jung ! ros , ros hears . i brought a flower . i cut myself . it '' s the sam pink as you . it '' s very nic of you , gab ! what hav you been doing , unc gab ? i '' ve been chasing hounds of hell waiting for the tim to tell st. peter to open the doors . you '' ve been chasing hounds of hell , right ? well , you do the right thing . someo has to chas . yes i know . the devil is strong , not easy prey . the hounds of hell will bit the heels of all , but i hav my trump waiting for judgment day . waiting for the batt of armageddon , right ? it will not be much batt when god mushy that sword of judgment . but it will be difficult for peop trying to enter heaven if thos doors do not open . did you hear that , dad ? unc gab , you '' re right . lyons ... king of the jung ! are you going to stay and eat , gab ? would you lik you put a pla ? i just eat a sandwich , ros . i do not want a pla . i want to eat with my hands . i want a sandwich . what abo you , lyons ? you stay ? i '' m cooking ribs . no , i will not eat until we finish playing . you owe me a vis for you to see me play , dad . i do not lik that chines music with all that nois . com in and wash , gab . i '' ll mak you a sandwich . troy is angry with me . why are you angry with gab ? troy thinks is ups becaus she moved in with mrs. pearl . i '' m not angry with him , you can liv anywher . why did you mov ther ? to mrs. pearl does not lik anyo . she does not mind anything , it is pretty good . just will not let all that singing . not worried abo the rent you pay him , that '' s what he is not worried . troy , i will not discuss that with you again . it was becaus he wants to hav his own hous , com and go as you lik . you can do it her . it is not prevented it . he does not put rules . it is not the sam , you know . it is the last tim i hear that . i do not want to hear any mor of gab and mrs. pearl . and next week ... i '' m ready for my sandwich , ros . and the next week when the recruiter coming from school , i want to sign that paper and let cory play soccer . it is the last tim i want to hear that . â¿cory was recruited ? what school did you go ? i '' m not thinking abo cory . that boy walks around smelling lik uri . believes will forbid , no matter what i say . look at this , bon . i left the offi of the commissioner and went to a & p. that boy is not working ther . she lied to me . he said he got his job back , working weekends , it is working after leaving school . mr. stawick says he has not worked ther . cory is growing . it is only anxious to follow in your footsteps . i do not car what you do . when it reaches the point of wanting to disobey , it '' s tim to chang things . ask bon . i bet you never disobeyed his father witho paying the consequences . i never had the chan . my father moved , but never met him . i never knew what he was thinking or wher he was going . just it went ... looking for new lands . so they used to call him old . if someo was from pla to pla , from wom to wom , we said that seeking new lands . i '' ll never know if he ever found them . when i saw him onc , i did not want children . i did not know if it would be enough in one pla to hav my children and i be his father . i thought i would als search . after all , i '' ve been with lucil almost the sam tim as your father with ros . and they go 16 years . sometimes i would not hav known my father . i did not want to hear from children . a son to him was nothing . all i wanted was you learned to walk so he could get to work . at lunchtim , he ate first . if ther wer leftovers was it touched . he sat , ate two chickens and you got the wing . stop that , dad . everyo feeds her children . no matter how hard it is , everyo does . sur had something to eat . everything my mind my father fardas cotton was tak mr. lubin . it was the only thing that interested him . sometimes i used to wonder becaus he was still aliv . i wondered why the devil cam and took him . bring the cotton fardas mr. lubin . find out if you owe money . he must hav been when she saw no way out . it is what i hav don . how are you going to go with 11 children ? wher you going to go ? i did not know anything other than work on a farm . no , he was imprisoned and i think he knew . but this i say on my part . he felt responsib for us . we may try the way he should hav , but witho that responsibility , he could hav gon and hav left us ... to mak your own lif . many did . at the tim of which you speak , out through the front door , they chos one way or another and leav . ther , that '' s what i mean . they kept walking until they found something els . you never heard anyo walking empty ? this is how you call when you leav that way . my father did not hav that kind of stepped vacuum . he stayed with his family , but it was as cruel as it could be . my mother could not stand it . i could not stand that evil . he ran off when i was abo 8 years . he escaped one night ... i said i would for me . i never saw her again . all his wives left him . it was not good for either . when it was my tim to leav , i was 14. he was eyeing the daughter of joe canewell . we had an old mul named greyboy . my father sent me to plow the field ... and i went to fool around with the daughter of joe canewell . we found a good pla and we got good loving . she was 13 years old and wer grown as . ther we wer , by the stream , enjoying witho thinking of anything els . we did not see greyboy had com loos . he returned to the hous and my father was looking for me . we wer ther when my father cam to enjoy . we wer surprised . he took the leather straps to the mul , and he beg to beat me as if ther wer no tomorrow . i jumped , ups and embarrassed . i was afraid of my father . when he started hitting me , so naturally i left ther running . i think i was ups becaus i did not do my job . but i see that i was away to stay with the girl himself . when i understood what it was all abo , i lost all fear for my father and that '' s when i becam a man . at 14 years . that was my moment to scar him off to him . i took the sam belt he had used with me , and i beg to hit him . the girl jumped and ran . when my father looked me in the eyes , i knew why the devil cam to never look . becaus he was the devil himself . i do not know what happened then . when i wak up ... he was lying in the gutter and blu , his old dog licking my fac . my eyes wer closed so swollen they wer . i thought i was blind , he saw nothing . i was just lying ther ... i cried . i did not know what he would do . but i knew ... ... it was tim to leav my father '' s hous . suddenly the world grew . it was a long tim so he could understand how it was and manag . part of that process was when i had to find a pla wher i feel in my blood and saw that the only thing between us they wer within a few years . what you got ther , unc gab ? a ham sandwich . ros mad me one of ham . i lost touch with everyo except with gabriel . but ... i hop he '' s dead . i hop you hav found pea . it is a heavy story , dad . i did not know you had left hom at age 14. at 14 he is too young to be independent . i do not know what i would hav don . i got out of that stream and walked to mob . he was tired of the farm . i thought it would be better in the city . so i walked 322 km to mob . wait a moment . you not walked 322 km , dad . nobody walks 322 km ! what are you talking abo ? it was the only way to mov at that tim . i '' d fuck it if you would not tak a rid with someo . who you going to tak ? ther wer no cars lik today . we talk abo 1918. what are you talking abo ? i am telling lyons how easy it was for him . he knew nothing of what i '' m talking abo . lyons , bonni spo . he said that wer supposed to go through it . yes , okay , ros . i walked all the way to mob and i got together with others who wer going in the sam direction . i got her and found that not only could not find work , he had nowher to liv . i thought it was fre . the color lived on the banks of the river , anywher that could giv them shelter . getting off the brady stre bridg . they lived in huts mad of sticks and tar paper . i pulled in ther and went from bad to wors . i started stealing . first it was food . then i thought : if i steal money , i can buy food and shoes too . one thing led to another , i met your mother . he was young , eager to becom a man . i met your mother and i had . why did i do that ? now he had to worry abo feed you and her . he had to steal thre mor times . one day i went looking for someo to steal ... that '' s what it was , a thief . i am telling the truth . i '' m ashamed sin that day , but it '' s tru . i went to rob someo , i took out my knif and he pulled a gun . he shot me in the chest . it felt lik if someo will beat me a hot iron . when he shot me , i poun on it with my knif and ... they say i killed him . i was locked in the prison for 15 years , ther i met bon . it '' s wher i learned to play baseball . after i left , your mother he had gon with you to mak a living witho me . 15 years was a long tim for her to wait for me . but thos 15 years cured me of stealing . ros can tell you . when i met her she asked me if he had left all that nonsens . i said , honey , you and baseball are all that matters to me . did you hear me , bon ? and he meant it . she said , what comes first ? i said , no doubt that '' s baseball . but if you stay with me , both liv with him . is not it tru , ros ? it is tru . shut up , you did not say anything lik that . what you said to me was , honey , you know you '' ll always be the # 1 for me . that '' s what you said . that '' s why i lov this wom ! ros keeps you at bay . if you step out of lin , she straightens you . lyons , better go for bonni . is waiting for you . hey dad ... why do not you go to the grill to hear me play ? i will not go ther . i '' m too old to attend thes clubs . you hav to be very good to play at the grill . com on , dad . i hav to get up early . you not stay up lat . no , i '' ll eat dinner and go to bed . well i hav to go . see you later . do not com to my hous on my pay . pick up the pho and tell someo you '' re coming . and bring bonni . you know i always glad to see her . i will , ros . bewar . see you , dad . bye . see you , mr. bon . see you , unc gab ! lyons , the king of the jung ! you '' re already a dinner , wom ? you and i hav issues to resolv . it will als be atrocious . troy , i finished talking to you . wom , her is bon . bon is lik family . i know this black sin ... how long hav i known you ? a long tim ago . i know this black sin skippy was a puppy . we hav gon from everything . you are right . i know for longer than you , ros . and we '' re still together , shoulder to shoulder . bon , a man can not ask for mor than that . i lov you , black . do not ! i lov you too , but i must go hom to see my wif . yours hav it on hand . i hav to find my own . why did you do that , dad ? what '' s going on ? â¿cory , what happens ? dad went to school and told the coach zell i can not play mor football . i can not even play ! he told the recruiter not to com . troy ... do not giv me that . yes , i do . and the boy knows why i did it . why did you do that ? it was the only chan i had ! ther is nothing wrong with that play . she lied to me . i asked him if he wanted to play football , he had to do your homework and keep his job at a & p. thos wer the conditions . i stopped to talk to mr. stawick ... i can not work after school during the season , dad ! i tried to tell you that mr. stawick would keep me work . you never want to hear anyo ! and now you go and do this to me ? i do not do anything , did you yourself . just becaus you had no chan ! you '' d scar it better than you , that '' s all ! com her . troy ... troy . recã³g . wear it . amã¡rrat . well , do you see ? you mad a mista . i did not do anything ! i '' ll tell you what was your error . you tried to hit the ball and not giv him . that was the first stri . now you '' re in the batter '' s box . you abanic and you gav him . dresses ? that was the first stri . do not strikeouts . cory , com help cle the clos . i will not leav the team . i do not car what dad says . i '' ll talk to him when he returns . i had to go see your unc gab . poli arrested him again , and said that for disturbing the pea . com liv over her . com and help me cle the cabinets . com on . â¿troy , what did they say ? they said nothing . i gav them $ 50 and released . after i tell you . wher is cory ? helping me with lockers . well , tell him to bring her back her . all they want is money . and go 6 or 7 times i go ther for him . i see it coming and are rubbing their hands . yes , i know what you mean , all they car abo is money . they do not car what is right . negr ... why did you buy hardwood ? you '' re just going to build a small fen . find something soft pin wood , it is all you need . i know what i do . this is wood for outdoor use . pinewood is for insid the hous . the pin interior , this is for outsid . now tell me how it will be the fen . you do not need this wood . you put the pin and will last as long as you liv her . how do you know how long i '' ll liv , black ? i could liv forever . you could liv mor than the old horsely . it '' s what mage used to say . mage was a fool . tell me who you heard that pull teeth with a pair of rusty pliers . the olders . my grandfather used to tak off their teeth with pliers . ther wer no dentists for peop of color at the tim . you hav to cle them , you know ? you '' re cle pliers . esterilizarlos . in addition , we no longer liv at that tim . all i had to do was go to dr. goldblum . i saw you with that girl from tallahasse , this albert . i saw them clos together . what do you mean together ? i see you laughing and joking with her all the tim . i laugh and jok with all , bon . you know me . that '' s not the kind of laughter and jokes of which i speak . how you doing , mr. bon ? cory , saw bon tak and cut som wood . he says the wood is very hard to cut . bego , jim . let the boy show you how it is don . go ahe , do it . check it out . go strong boy , it looks or joe louis . gosh , i must be old and , by the way the boy cut the wood . i do not know why mom wants a fen in the yard . i do not know either . what you are saving her ? it has nothing to what others want . som build fences to keep peop away . others , to keep peop insid . ros wants to keep everyo together . he loves them . black , do not need anyo to tell me that my wif loves me . cory , go and see if you can find another saw . wher is ? i said that shopped . try to find it . what did you mean to keep everyo together ? troy ... i '' ve known for almost a lifetim . you and ros . both i know for som tim . i remember when you met ros . when you played baseball in the park . many girls wer behind you at the tim . you could choos what you wanted . when you chos ros , he was happy for you . that was the first tim i knew you knew what you wer doing . i said , my friend troy knows what he '' s doing . i will follow it , it could tak me somewher . i hav been following too . i '' ve learned a lot of things abo seeing lif . i learned to realiz wher the trash was . how to distinguish garbag alfalf . you taught me many things . you taught me to not mak the sam mistakes . to accept lif as it was , to put one foot behind the other . ros is a good wom , troy . i know it is . i '' ve been married to her for 18 years . what are you thinking , bon ? i '' m just saying it '' s a good wom , just that . you say it '' s a good wom and stop throwing so no mor . why do you say it is ? she loves you , troy . ros loves you . you say you do not deserv me . it '' s what you try to say . i do not deserv it becaus i '' m looking at the other girl . i know what you '' re trying to say . i know what ros means to you , troy . i '' m just saying i do not want to see you mess up . yes ... i thank you , bon . if i saw you doing the sam with lucil , i told you the sam thing . that '' s all i hav to say . i said that becaus i lov them both . damn it ... do you know me . i was not looking for anything . you can not find a better wif ros , i know . but this wom ... it seems that stuck in my mind and i can not get her off me . i tried to fight with that , i tried to get her out but is mor in lov . now he '' s stuck with me mor . you hav the control . it '' s what i always say . you are responsib for what you do . i '' m not avoiding my shar of responsibility . if it is okay with my heart , i am calm then . becaus it '' s my heart that i always hear , tell me if i '' m right or wrong . and i do not mean to hurt ros , i lov her . he has endured all this tim , i lov and respect him for that . i know you lov her , why i do not wan na see you hurting her . but what will you do when you discover ? what will you hav then ? if you try to maneuver the two , sooner or later fall . that '' s normal . yes , i know what you say , bon . i '' ve been trying to find a way to solv it . fix it right , troy . i do not want to put in your affairs , but solv it so that everything goes well . i always get in yours and lucil problems . when are you going to buy the refrigerator you want that wom ? do not tell me you hav no money , know what your bank . mellon does not need the money as much as lucil wants the refrigerator . i '' ll tell you what to do . what ? when you '' re don to build that clos to ros , i '' ll buy that refrigerator lucil . already you got engaged ! black hey , wher are you going ? i '' m going to the hous . do not expect to get help now . i '' m protecting my money . i want to see if you can do that by yourself . that '' s what i see ! you '' ll be her six months witho my help . black , you '' re wrong ! when it comes to my money , i am as certain as the fireworks on july 4. we '' ll see . you can go throwing your passbook . what you said ther ? what happened with gab ? i went up ther . it cost me $ 50. they said he was disturbing the pea . the judg ordered a hearing for him in thre weeks . to see why that should not be admitted again . what did you say ? what you commented the judg ? i said i '' d tak car of him . it mad no sens to hospitaliz again . gre greasy extended his palm , he said to giv him $ 50 and i tak him hom . wher is he now ? wher did he go ? he went out ther for himself . no need to sha hands . i do not know , i think the best pla for him would be put in the hospital . i know what you '' re going to tell me , but what i think is best . the man '' s lif was ruined by fighting for what ? and now they want to put him away . to be left fre . it does not bother anyo . well , everyo has their own point of view i guess . com to lunch . i mad a pla of beans and corn bre in the oven . com a litt . it makes no sens that you worry so gab . ros , i hav something to tell you . expected to be the tab . ros ... i do not know how to say this . i hav not explain it . it was something that grew ... it started as a small bush and then becam a forest . troy , what you mean ? let me talk , wom . i '' m trying to tell you ... trying to find a way to tell you ... i will be a father . i will be someo '' s father . â¿troy , you '' re telling me you '' re going to be what ? are you going to be someo '' s father ? ros ... now ... hey , troy ! hey , ros ! i hav to wait 18 years to hear something . hi , ros . i hav a flower for you . it is a ros . a sing ros lik you . thank you , gab . troy , you '' re not ups with me , right ? thos bad men cam and took me . you '' re not ups , right ? i '' m not . 18 and salts me with this . did you see what i hav ? i hav a new currency . ros was just ... ther '' s nothing to say , troy . ther is no way to explain that . the man who gav me the coin had plenty . i will keep this currency until it ceases to shi . gab , com . i watermelon in the refrigerator , i '' ll giv you a pie . ros , you know i was chasing hounds of hell and we cam and took me evil . troy helped me . he was ther to tell better let me go befor to giv them a beating . yes , he did . go insid , gab . i '' ll giv watermelon . evil men are gon . well , ros will giv me som watermelon . from having stripes . why , troy ? why ? after all thes years you com ... to bring me this now . it makes no sens at your age . i could hav expected this 10 or 15 years ago , but not now . age has nothing to do , ros . i hav tried to be everything a wif should be . all that a wif can be . married for 18 years . and i hav to liv to see the day that you say you '' re with another wom . and you hav a son of her . you know i never wanted my family anything halfway . my who family is lik that . all parents and different mothers . my two sisters and my brother . just i know who is who . i never sat down with my parents . it was always your dad and your mom and dad and my mom . i never wanted that to any of my children . and now you com and tell me something ? bast , you should know . it was tim . well , i do not know , damm ! ros ... i can not mak it go away . it is don . i can not do circumstances chang . nor want . mayb you want me and my son get going . mayb that '' s what you want ? well , you can not kick us out . i spent 18 years of my lif in you , you should hav stayed upstairs in my bed , wher you belong . listen to me now , we can solv this . we can talk , reach an agreement . suddenly he is us . wher was the we when you sleeping with that wom ? we had to reach an agreement befor look lik an idiot . you arriv a day lat and short of money for a deal with you . ros , is that ... she gives me a different ide . a different understanding of myself . i can leav this hous and away from the pressures and problems . being a different man . i hav to think abo the roof or accounts . i just could ... being a part of me that had never been . what i want to know is : i want to know it ... do you plan to continu watching ? that '' s all you can tell me . i can sit at hom and laughing . understand what i say ? i can laugh out loud and feel good . i travels through the body to the toes . ros ... i can not giv that up . mayb you should go to stay with her , it is better wom than me . it '' s not abo who is better . ros , you '' re not to blam . a man can not ask for better wif than you . i am responsib for that . i got both routi tak car of you , i forgot me . and why he was ther ? that was my job , not someo els . ros , listen . i hav tried all my lif to liv decently . hav a cle ... hard and lif . i tried to be a good husband to you , in every way i know . mayb i was born upsid down , i do not know . but you wer born with two strikes befor going to the batting cag . you hav to be caref , attentiv to the curv at the corner insid . you can not let you mark that no stri or ball pass . if you go to ponchar you should be trying to hit the ball . everything is against you ! what will you do ? the cheated , ros . i failed . when i found you and cory and decent work part-tim , he was sur . nothing could touch me . no one would mak me a stri . not return to the penitentiary . i would not be on the stre with a bott of win . he was sur , had a family . a job ... they would not mark me that last stri . he was at first bas , he is hoping that one of the boys tak me to get to the hom . you should hav stayed in bed . i saw the girl and she gav me the strength . i started thinking that if i tried , perhaps i could steal second bas . understand what i say ? you should hav withheld , you should hav don . i was 18 at first bas and thought , damn , i will . we '' re not talking abo baseball ! we are told that you wer sleeping with another and wer coming hom with me . it '' s that , not baseball ! ros , you '' re not hearing me . i '' m trying to explain it the best way i know . it is not easy for me to adm i '' ve been in the sam pla for 18 years ! i '' ve been with you ! i was her with you , troy ! als i hav lif ! i say 18 years of my lif to be in pla pampering you ! do not you think i wanted other things ? do not you think i had dreams and hopes ? what abo my lif ? what abo me ? do not you think went through my head meet other men ? what i wanted to stay elsewher and forg abo my responsibilities ? did someo to mak me laugh to feel good ? you '' re not the only one who has desires and needs . but i kept you , troy . i took all my feelings , my desires , needs , dreams and buried all within you . i planted a seed and took car of her and prayed for her . i stood insid you and waited for it to flourish . and it did not tak me 18 years to realiz the ground was hard and rocky and it would never flourish . but i kept you , troy . i held her tightly . you wer my husband . i owed everything he had . every part of me that i could giv . and upstairs in that room , with the enveloping darkness ... i gav everything i had to try to clear the doubt that you wer not the best man in the world . and that wherever you wer , i would be ther with you . becaus you wer my husband ! becaus it was the only way to surviv as your wif . whenever you talk abo what you hav and what you do not hav to giv . but you als tak troy . tomas and not even know who gives . you say you do not giv ? troy . you say you do not giv ? you are hurting me ! i giv everything i hav ! troy ! do not tell me i '' m lying ! troy , you '' re hurting me ! â¡troy ! â¡troy ! very good . it is the second stri . stay away from me , boy ! do not strikeouts ! you liv with the compl account ! do not strikeouts ! mother troy , i want to talk to you . so suddenly ? after all this tim you talk to me ? you hav not spoken to me in months . you do not want to talk abo last night . you did not want anything from me sin . what do you want to talk now ? tomorrow is friday . i know what day is tomorrow . do you think i know it '' s friday morning ? in all my lif i '' ve don nothing but wait on friday . no need to tell me . i want to know if you are coming hom . whenever i com hom , ros . you know . ther was one night that was not . that '' s not what i mean and you know it . i want to know if you '' re going straight from work . i thought i cash my check , taylor '' s go with the guys , mayb play a gam of checkers . troy , i can not liv lik this . i will not liv lik this . you '' re living on borrowed tim with me . 6 months and even going to the hous makes . i '' m hom every night , every night of the year . they are 365 days . i want you to go hom tomorrow after work . ros , do not play with my salary . you know that already . i tak my pay and i giv it . i hav no mor money than me back . i just want a litt tim for me . a litt tim to enjoy lif . what abo me ? when is my tim to enjoy lif ? i do not know what to tell you , ros . i do the best i can . you hav not been going to the hom from work but you hav that the best tim to chang you and go and nam ? i go to the hospital to see albert . she was admitted this evening , looks lik it may already hav the baby . i will not delay . you know , they went hom of mrs. pearl and took gab today . they said that you told them to go to lock him . i never said that , who told you that lie . pearl but did not tell a lie . she did not hav to tell me . i read in the papers . what did he say ? he said you told them to go . they wer wrong , as usual . i do not car what they put . he said that the government sends part of your check the hospital and the other to you . i hav nothing to do with it if it works . i did not invent the rules . as with gab did with cory . you did not sign the paper to cory , but for gab . you signed that paper . i told you i did not sign anything , wom ! all i signed was the releas paper . hell , i can not read . i do not know what was in that rol . i did not sign anything abo interning gab . i said being sent to the hospital , you said you wer fre . now you wer ther and you put it to the hospital for half his money . retract you , troy . you '' ll hav to answer for it . i see you '' ve been talking to mrs. pearl . she '' s ups becaus it does not receiv money from gab incom . troy , i saw you signing ! do not you see that sign anything ! to the end , why she has documents my brother ? mrs. pearl is telling a lie . and i '' ll tell you too . do not you see that sign anything ! what do you say ? do not you see that sign anything ! troy . troy ... it was the hospital . albert had the baby . what was it he had ? it '' s a girl . i better go see it . troy ... i hav to go see it , ros . it is right . what is the probl ? the baby is fin , right ? albert died during childbirth . died ? you say she '' s dead ? â¿albert is dead ? they said they had don everything they could . ther was nothing they could do for her . and the baby , how are you ? they say it is healthy . i wonder who '' s going to bury . he had family , ros . he did not liv alo in the world . i know i did not liv alo in the world . are you going to ask if you had insuran ? troy , i do not talk lik that . the first thing out of your mouth was , who '' s going to bury ? as if to do that alo . i '' m your wif , not me stay away . i '' m not alienating anyo . just giv me som spa . giv me room to breat . well , mrs. death . i '' ll tell you what i '' ll do . i '' ll tak and ... build a fen around the yard . i will build a fen around what belongs to me and then i want you to stay on the other sid . you will stay ther until you '' re ready to tak me . then you will com . bring your army , bring your sick . bring your clothes strugg . this tim i will not let our guard down . are not you going to ... you '' re not going to sneak in my lif . when you '' re ready to tak , when at the top of your list is troy maxson ... you com and touch the front door . no one els has to get involved in this . this is between you and me ! from man to man ! you '' ll stay on the other sid of the fen until it '' s my tim ! then you are coming to touch the front door ! to the tim you want ! i will be waiting . thank you very much , enjoy it all . go up to bat with an averag of .249 , the right ... arty lo ponc ... ros . i '' m her with my daughter in her arms . y ... she '' s just ... it '' s just a litt thing . he does not know anything abo adult issues . he is innocent . he has no mom . what are you telling me , troy ? good ... i guess i '' ll go sit outsid on the porch . a man has to do what he thinks is right . i do not regr anything i '' ve don . i feel good in my heart . what are you laughing ? your father is a gre man . he has a manotas . but sometimes afraid . and now your father is afraid , becaus we '' re sitting her and i hav no hom . i '' ve been homeless befor and did not hav a baby with me but i '' ve been homeless . out on the road , just ... she saw one of the trains com and sung : pleas , sir engineer , let me get on the train . pleas , sir engineer , let me get on the train . i hav no tick pleas , let me get on witho paying . is my daughter , ros . blood of my blood . i can not deny , and i do not deny the boys . you and they are my family . you and this girl they are all i hav in the world . i guess what i '' m saying is ... i would apprecia if you could help me tak car of it . okay , troy . you '' re right . i will tak car of your baby for you . becaus as you said , it ... he is innocent . and you can not pass the sins of the father to the son . a motherless child has a difficult lif . from now on , this girl has a mother . but you do not hav a wif . i walk in and everyo leaves . i '' ll tak this cak to the church for the bak sal . lyons went to see you . we cam to pay the $ 20. they are her at the tab . her '' s the money . leav it on the tab , troy . then i pick up . at what tim you com back ? it makes no sens to ask me , no matter what tim you return . i just asked you a question , wom . i can not ask you something ? troy , i do not want to talk abo it . your food is on the stov . just heat it and do not eat cakes ther . i will return to look for them , tomorrow we sal in the church . hi , troy . how are you , bon ? i thought abo moving to see you . ther was no one in the hous , so i thought ... why you cam to see me ? you do not go through the hous a month ago . i owe you money or something . after you promoted i could not agre with you . i used to see you every day . now i do not even know what work rou . i changed a lot , now i '' m in greentre . picking up trash whites . greentre , right ? you got lucky . at least you not hav to lift brasses . they are becoming heavier . i '' ll work two mor years and i '' ll leav . i am als thinking of retiring . for you it '' s easy . you can driv for another fiv years . it is not the sam , bon . it '' s not lik working behind the truck . it feels as if you worked alo , you hav no one to talk to . i '' m thinking abo retiring . how is lucil ? it '' s okay . arthritis occasionally gives discomfort . i saw ros way her . he went to the church , right ? yes , now he spends ther . with all thos preachers seeking to fill their pockets . i hav a litt gin . no thanks . i just went to say hel . you can hav a drink , black . i saw you never refusing a drink . you do not hav work tomorrow . i just went to see you . i '' ll pick skinner hous . we played dominoes every friday . black , you play not domina . i used to earn 4 sets of 5. well ... that taught me . now i play better . yes ? then it '' s okay . i hav to go . spend one day . yes , i do , bon . lucil told ros you bought a new refrigerator . yes , ros told lucil that eventually you built the fen . so we '' re even . i knew you would do it . yes ... agre . we will speak later . i was glad to see you , bon . i will go to vis you . yes . okay , troy . hear ! hear ! he had a dog named blu . know blu was very loyal . blu was a good dog . blu cornered a possum in a hollow log . old blu died and dug his grav . i put it insid with a golden chain . every tim i heard barking ... blu had cornered a possum noah '' s ark . i need to spend . how ? what did you say ? you '' re in my way . i need to spend . spend wher ? it '' s my hous , i bought it . it took 15 years . if you want to get to my hous when i '' m sitting on the steps , i '' ll ask you permission as your mother taught you . i need to go . are you going to pass over ? i als liv her . are you going to go over in my own hous ? i '' m not afraid . i did not ask if you wer afraid . i asked you if you wer going to go over me in my own hom . that is the question . are not you going to ask my permission ? you only spend ? if you want to see so ... how els i can see it ? he was going to go through your sid to enter the hous becaus you '' re sitting on the steps , drinking and singing . you can see it . witho asking for permission ? i asked you a question . witho asking for permission ? i hav to ask permission . her no mor accounts . i get it , i '' m not worth anything her . no need to ask your father '' s permission . suddenly , you grew so much that your father is worthless . her at hom and pat he paid with his own swe . you grew so much that your father is worthless . are you going to stay with it ? you want to stay with my hous ? you want to wear my pants ? are you going to sleep in my bed ? no need to ask permission becaus your father is worthless . is that ? so is . you always talk such nonsens . why not go out of my way . i guess you hav a pla to sleep . something to put on your tummy . do you hav that ? becaus that '' s what you need . you got it ? i do not know what , you do not hav to worry abo that . you '' re right . you are 100 % correct . i spent the last 17 years worrying abo what you hav . now is your turn . i '' ll tell you what : you grew up . we saw that . you are a man . now i want to see you act lik one . turn around and get out of this yard . and when you get to the alley , you can forg abo this hous . becaus this hous is min . if you '' re going to be a man , get yourself your own hom . you can forg abo this becaus this is min . go fetch yours becaus i '' m tired provid for you . what are you talking abo ? what you giv me ? your feet and bones . your heart beating , black ! i hav given you mor than anyo ! you never gav me anything ! you never did anything to lim myself for fear that was better than you . all you '' ve don is try to scar me . i used to tremb every tim you called my nam . every tim i heard your footsteps in this hous . it all the tim asking : what will dad if i do this ? what will you say if i do that ? what will you say if i turn on the rad ? and mom too , but she tries afraid of you . let your mother out of this . i do not know how you hold . i told you to leav her out ! what are you going to do ? â¿be me up ? you already can not , you '' re too old ! you '' re just an old man ! black ! that '' s what you are . you '' re just another black on the stre for me . are you crazy ! did you know ? yes . you can go , get out of my sight . you hav the devil insid . you '' re an old fool , talking abo that i hav the devil insid ! i '' m crazy ! if you do not get out of my yard , i '' ll show you how crazy i am . now get the fuck out of my yard ! this is not your yard ! you took the money to unc gab received army to buy this hous and then drov out . get out your black ass out of my yard ! i '' m not going anywher ! com on , get me ! i '' m not afraid . that '' s my bat . com . let go of my bat . com on , get me out . what '' s up ? you '' re not so bad ? kick me out ! you '' ll hav to use it . if you lift that bat befor me you '' ll hav to use it . friend ! friend ! you '' ll hav to kill me . if you '' re going to threaten me with that bat , you '' ll hav to kill me . com on . com on ... then i '' ll show you . com on ! go , get out of my hous . himself . tomorrow i '' ll get my things . they will be on the other sid of the fen . i do not feel lik anything . i do not feel lik anything . halleluj ! halleluj ... halleluj . i do not feel lik anything . com on . it is between you and me now . com on . when you want . com on . i '' m ready for you . it will not be easy . raynell ? mrs ? what are you doing ? nothing . com in and see dressed . what are you doing ? seeing if my garden grew . i told you will not grow overnight . you hav to wait . it seems it will never grow . go . i told you a pot that is monitored , never boils . this is not a pot , mom . enters dressed . it is not to be playing tomorrow , you hear me ? yes , ma '' am . garden bad . hi . i bet your nam is raynell . your mom is at hom ? mom , ther '' s a man her . mom ! â¿cory ? â¡cory ! â¡cory ! â¡cory ! thank god ! look at all . what hav we her ? all grown up . why are you crying ? i '' m so glad you wer abl to surviv . hel , lyons . how are you , mr. bon ? look at you , man . look to you . it does not look right , ros ? they did it out . why took you so long ? you know how it is in the navy , mom . you hav to do all the paperwork for you to stop doing something . well , i '' m glad you mad it . they stopped coming to lyons , you unc gab '' s in the hospital . i do not know if they '' ll let him com . i just talked to them . after a us navy . your father knew you wer capab of . i said it all the tim . you do not look good , mr. bond ? yes , troy reminds me of the first tim i met him . ros , lucil is in the church choir . i will bring to thos who carry the coffin . then i return for you . thanks , jim . see you , mr. bon . cory , mir a raynell . is not it beautif ? it will break many hearts . raynell , say hel to your brother . this is your brother , cory . you remember cory ? no ma '' am . he does not remember , mom . we talk abo you , they hear us talk abo you . it '' s your brother cory . i say hel . hel . hel . so you '' re raynell ? your mother tells me a lot abo you . com , i '' ll mak you som breakf to hav strength . i '' m not hungry , mom . can you mak me something , ros . i will in a min . are you sur you want nothing , cory ? i know you do not eat well . no , mom , thanks . i '' m not hungry , then i eat . raynell , dress up and stand lik i said . i always knew you wer going to be somebody . your head was always in the right direction . so ... are you going to stay in the navy ? you are abo to mak a career , you '' re 20 years ? i dont know . and i spent six years , i think that '' s enough . stay with unc jesam and retir early . ther is nothing her . ros told you guess what happened to me . i was put in a prison . i thought i was being clever charging money from others . how long hav you kept ? i got 3 years . i hav litt tim longer , missing only 9 months . it '' s not that bad . you learn to deal with it as with everything els . you hav to accept the straight lines and curves . it '' s what dad used to say . used to say that when i failed . i saw him stri out thre times , and next tak the ball out of the park . outsid the stadium homeste . he was not satisfied beating up the seats , i wanted to hit and fly around the stadium . and after the gam ... ther wer 200 peop waiting for him to sha hands . you hav to accept the straight lines and curves . dad was out of the ordinary . are you still playing ? cory , you know that '' s what i do . i hav som friends and formed a band . we try to be together when we get out , but ... i '' m still playing . i '' m helping to mak the bed in the morning . whi still doing that , i will try to mak it all mak sens . lyons , i hav the eggs in the pan . i will eat thos eggs . get ready to bury dad . how are you ? you '' re good ? hel . hel . â¿yo stayed to sleep in my room ? yes , that used to be my room . that was how he called dad . cory '' s room . you hav your football in the clos . raynell , up dressed . put on your new shoes . mom , i can not use thes ? others had hurt my feet ! well , they will hav to lastimã¡rtelos a bit . you did not say you hurt when you went to the stor to buy them . at that tim did not hurt me , my feet hav grown . i do not talk back ! go up and get new shoes . things hav not changed much . still has that thing tied to the tre . i was moving out her that bat . i was ready to return hom . he mad a motion with the bat and fell . it seems that when he did stood with a smi on his fac . and then he fell . he was taken to hospital , but knew it was not necessary . why not enter ? mom , i hav to tell you . i do not know how to say this , but i hav to . i will not go to dad '' s funeral . boy ... hush that mouth . you '' re talking abo your father ! i do not want that kind of conversation this morning . i raised you for you left me with that ? you '' re ther all healthy and growing , and i say that not going to the funeral ? mom , listen ... i do not wan na know , cory . rem that ide from your head . i hav nothing to say . onc in my lif i hav to say no . i do not want to hear any of that . i know you and your father did not get along , but i do not need that kind of talk today . disrespecting your father will not mak you a man , cory . you '' ll hav to find another way to do that . do not go to the funeral of your father will not mak you a man . all the tim i lived at hom , dad was lik a shadow that followed you everywher . it was heavy and got int your flesh . you wrapped and he stayed ther until you could not distinguish yours . that shadow you got int the meat ! trying to trepar over , trying to liv through you . everywher he looked , troy maxson was watching you . under the bed , in the clos . i hav to find a way to get rid of that shadow , mom . you lik him . igualit . do not tell me that , mom . troy maxson '' re everywher . i do not want to be troy maxson ! i just wan na be me . you can not be someo els than yourself , cory . that shadow was nothing but yourself growing insid you . or you adapt to it or it suits you . but it '' s all you hav to liv . it is all you hav to fac the world out ther . your father wanted you everything he was not . and at the sam tim wanted you all that he was . i do not know if i was right or not , but i know i wanted to do mor good than harm . sometimes when touched , he hurts . sometimes when i held her , i cut . when i met him for the first tim , i thought : this is the man i hav a black son . it was the first thing i thought when i saw it . thought , ros lee , her is the man who can open up and be completely satisfied . her he is the man who can fill all the empty spaces you '' ve been feeling incompl . when your father walked through the hous , it was ... so gre ... that filled the hous . that was my first mista . i do not giv me som spa , but ... i wanted a hous wher i could sing . and that '' s what gav me your father . i did not know how to keep their strength so i had to giv small parts of me . i accepted his lif lik min and i mixed the parts you could not tell them apart . it was my choi . my lif ... and it had to liv lik this , but ... it was what lif offered me as a wom and i accepted . i grabbed it with both hands and when raynell cam hom ... i do not want to mak a blessing the misfortu of anyo , but ... i accepted raynell lik all the babies wanted and never had . as if she blessed to allevia a part of my lif . and if the lord gives me strength ... i '' ll rais her exactly lik your father raised you . i '' ll giv the best in me . mom ... reverend tollivier is on the pho . hi . hi . are you in the army or navy ? in the navy . dad said you wer in the army . did you meet blu ? blu ? who is blu ? the cub dad singing all the tim . hear ! hear ! he had a dog named blu . blu was very loyal . blu was a good dog . blu corralled a possum in the trunk of a tre . her we see that blu was a good dog . hear ! hear ! blu corralled a possum of a leg . blu looked at me and i looked at him . i grabbed the opossum and put it in the bag . blu stood ther until i returned . blu legs wer big and round . he never let the opossum landfall . old blu died and dug his grav . i dug his grav with a silver sword . i put it insid with a golden chain . and every tim i call your nam : go ahe , blu . good dog . sing ... go ahe , blu . good dog . blu sat back and died lik a man . blu sat back and died ... blu sat back and died lik a man . now corrals possums in the promised land . i '' ll tell you this so you know . blu was wher good dogs go . blu was wher good dogs go . cory , we '' re ready to go . com on . go up and put your shoes as mom told you . so we can go to dad '' s funeral . well , i '' ll be back . hey , ros ! i '' m her ! i arrived , ros ! i arrived ! â¡lyons , mir ! you see , ros ? i told you to com . how are you , unc gab ? how are you , unc gab ? hey ... hey , ros , it '' s tim . it '' s tim to tell st. peter to open the doors . are you ready , troy ? â¿troy , you ready ? i '' ll tell st. peter to open the doors . prepar yourselves already . let go ! â¡troy ... troy ! this is how you do it . . : . [ translated by axel7902 ] . : . §±§à§þ§à§ù§ú§ä§ö §õ§â§å§ô§ú§þ §ü§à§â§ú§ã§ß§ú§è§ú§þ§ñ §õ§ñ §ú§ù§ñ§ò§ö§â§å §ß§ñ0ó6§ò§à0ó7§ö §ä§ú§ä§ý§à§ó§ö