"CERCAS"
Troy, you must stop lying.
Not lying, the black had a watermelon of this size and said:
"What watermelon, Mr. Rand?"
I almost fall.
"What watermelon, Mr. Rand?" And it was right there.
What Mr. Rand say? Nothing.
The black is too dumb to know that wearing a watermelon,
did not make much sense to him.
He tried to hide that huge watermelon under his coat.
Afraid that the white man saw him take home.
I'm like you, I have no time for that kind of people.
But why he looked angry
to see the face of union man talking to Mr. Rand?
He came to me saying:
"Troy Maxson will get us fired."
I told him to stay away from me with those things.
It was calling "troublemakers".
What Mr. Rand say? He said nothing.
He told me to go to the commissioner's office on Friday. High!
I was called there to see them.
Well, while you have your claim can not fire.
It was what he told me one of them. I do not care to get me fired.
Will they fire me because I asked a question?
It was all I did. I went with Mr. Rand and asked.
I asked why, why whites and blacks lead load?
I said, "What is the problem Did not I tell?"
Do you think that only the whites know how to drive a truck?
For this you need a role. Anyone can do it.
How is it that all white lead and black bear?
He said: "Talk about it with the union."
Well, it's what I'll do. Now they will come to me with that pile of lies.
Brownie told that if they come to ask something to tell the truth.
It's just something they invented you because you made the complaint.
Brownie does not understand much, do not worry about anything.
All I want is to change the job description,
that give everyone a chance to drive the truck.
Brownie does not see that, do not understand things.
How do you think you get to be with this girl
Taylor is on all the time, that such Alberta?
Who? Brownie.
Like you and me. Gets the same as us, which is nothing.
If not?
I think you do better than me.
And I will not tell you what I do.
Black, look here, I know you.
If you had come somewhere with that girl,
20 minutes later you'd be looking for someone to tell.
And the first thing you say when you wanted to show off, is me.
I did not say that.
I see you have cast the eye.
I do it all. I do not miss anything.
Anyone tell you that Troy Maxson does not look at women.
You've been doing more than that, you invite one or two drinks.
Of course, I invited her to a drink. What about it? I also paid one.
What does he invite a drink? I'm just being polite.
Pay him a drink is fine, that's what's being polite.
But when you want to invite two or three,
to that it is what you call keeping an eye.
Look, since you know me, did you see me chasing women?
Of course! Since you know, you forget that you knew that.
No, I mean since I married Rose.
Not since you married Rose.
That's true. I agree.
Okay then. Case closed.
I saw you walking down the house of Alberta.
You were supposed to Taylor's, and you were walking there.
Why do you watch where I'm going? I'm not watching.
I saw you I saw walking around more than once.
You can see me going anywhere, it means nothing that you saw me.
By the way where she come from? It came out of nowhere one day.
Tallahassee. Only see it you realize that it is in Florida.
They have very healthy women over there.
They grow from the same soil.
There are some Indian in it.
Most blacks in Florida have some Indian.
I do not know what the Indian side, but it sure is very healthy.
The woman wears a great stockings.
She has great legs and hips as wide as the Mississippi River.
The legs are useless, what you do is remove the medium.
But the hips cushion the ride.
Troy, you're crazy.
It is true. It's like riding with a pair of Goodyears.
What are you two talking about?
Why do you care about what we talked about, woman?
It is a talk of men.
Who says I care? ¿Bono, you'll stay for dinner?
No, thank you, Rose. But Lucille said she cooked a pork leg.
¿Pork leg? Damn, I go home with you.
It could even sleep over if you give me pork leg.
Do you have anything that exceeds a leg of pork, Rose?
I'm doing chicken, some chicken and collard greens.
Well, back to the house and let me finish what I was talking to Bono.
This is a talk of men. I'll talk to you later.
You know what kind of conversation is.
Come in and ... I empólvatelo. Troy, just that.
Woman, come here.
Mírala, Bono.
When I met this woman for the first time,
I left that place and said:
"Amarren my pony, saddled my mare
there is a woman out there for me somewhere. "
I looked here and there, I saw Rose and clung to her.
I grabbed her and said:
I'll tell you the truth.
I grabbed her and said:
"Honey, do not want to marry.
I just want to be your man. "
Rose said ... tell me what you told me, Rose.
I told him if was the kind of things not marry,
to leave for those who did marry me find.
What he told me was: "Black, you're in my way,
tapas me sight. Salt means for you to find me a husband. "
I thought for two or three days.
They were not two or three days. Came back the same night.
Back and say:
"All right, honey, but I'm going to buy a rooster and
I'll put it in the yard so that when you see a stranger,
bata their wings and get to sing. "
Look good, Bono. I could see the front door himself,
what worried me was the back door.
Troy, you should not talk like that. All you say is a lie.
The only thing is that when we got married, forget the rooster ...
We had patio.
I know how it is. I and Lucille lived in Logan Street.
We had two rooms, with the toilet in the back.
I did not care who was outside,
but when he passed that damn wind during the winter, then yes.
Today I wonder why I stayed there for six long years.
You see, I did not know I could not do anything to improve it.
I thought only white people had toilets inside the house.
Many people do not know they can improve what they do now.
It's something you have to learn. Many still buy with Bella.
There is nothing wrong with buying there. They have fresh food.
I did not speak of fresh food, I talk about how much they charge for it.
Charges 10 cents more than A & P.
A & P has never done anything for me. I spend where I was treated well.
I get there and ask for a loaf of bread, I say payment on Friday and give it to me.
What's the point when I have money
and spend it elsewhere ignoring the person who made me well?
That's not in the Bible. Do not talk about what is in the Bible.
What sense is there when it comes to buying you more?
You buy anywhere, I'll do it where I can help.
I do not think it's right that she copper you more. It's what I say.
I have to go, if not going to scold me Lucille.
Where are you going, black? Not just this bottle, see have to terminárnosla.
I would, if I ever loose.
All I say A & P is
Cory glad I got work there.
It helps to deal with the costs of school uniform and all.
Gabe moved from here and things are tightening.
It has that job, so you can begin to take care of himself.
Cory was recruited by a college football team.
I told that boy about football.
Whites never let that grow in football.
I said the first time he came to me with that.
Now you come and tell me became more involved.
It should be recruited on how to fix cars
or something where I can make money.
He is not talking about making a living playing football.
It's just something that kids do in school.
They will send a recruiter to talk to you.
He will explain that life will not win on that.
It is an honor to be recruited.
He will not get anywhere. Bono you can tell.
If you are going to be like you in sports, it will be fine.
There are only two men who played baseball as well as you.
Babe Ruth y Josh Gibson.
They are the only two who have hit more home runs than you.
And what it is what gave me? I have no where to urinate,
or a window from where to throw the water.
When you played times have changed, Troy.
That was before the war. Times have changed a lot.
How the hell changed? There are a lot of color playing now.
Baseball and football. You're right about that, Rose.
Times have changed, Troy. You came too early.
There has never been a time called "too early".
This man, for example ...
What was the one who had playing right field in Yankees?
You know who I mean, Bono. He played in right field for the Yankees.
Selkirk? Selkirk yeah, that one.!
You batted .269 average, understand?
.269! What sense does that make?
I was hitting .432 with 37 home runs,
that .269 and playing right field for the Yankees.
I saw Josh Gibson's daughter yesterday.
He walked around with ragged shoes on the feet.
I bet the daughter of Selkirk does not walk with shoes as well.
Many players have color now,
Jackie Robinson was the first. We all had to wait for him.
I have seen hundreds of blacks better than Jackie Robinson play.
Hell, I know some teams where Jackie and entered.
What are you talking about Jackie Robinson. He was nobody.
What I say is that if you can play, they should let you play.
No matter what color you are. I do not give me that I arrived very early.
If you can play, they should let you play.
You'll both die of drink. You do not need to drink as well.
The death is nothing. I have seen her.
I fought with her. You can not tell me anything of death.
Death is nothing more than a fastball on the outside corner,
and you know what I do that.
Hold on here, Bono. I'm lying?
When it comes a fastball, to the waist,
at the corner outside the plate where
you can hold the bat hard and ...
And God! You can kiss goodbye. I'm lying?
No, you're right. I've seen him do it.
If I'm lying, they are lying 137 meters.
That is all that is death to me:
A fastball on the outside corner.
I do not know why you want to keep talking about death.
There is nothing wrong with talking about death, that's part of life.
We all die, you die, I also like Bono. We will all die.
But you do not have to talk about it. I do not like.
It was you who mentioned it, Bono and I were talking baseball.
You told me to die so much drink. Not so, Bono?
You know I do not drink this but one night a week.
And it's Friday night. I will spend my drink without limit.
Then I will not touch, I shall leave aside.
So do not worry if I'm going to die of so much drinking,
because death does not worry me.
And I saw and I struggled with it.
Hear this, Bono.
One day I saw that death came marching straight toward me.
As soldiers on parade. The army death
He was marching straight toward me. It was mid-July 1941.
It was very cold, and winter.
Death itself reached out and touched my shoulder.
He touched me as I touch you now.
I froze and death was standing there smiling at me.
Troy, why not stop talking. I said, "What do you want, Mrs. Death?
Am I you looking for? Is he commanded his army to arrest me? "
I looked straight into his eyes. She was not any fear.
He was ready for action, just as I am now.
The Bible says that we are attentive.
So I never get drunk. I need to be alert.
Troy was hospitalized at Mercy Hospital, you remember that had pneumonia?
Lying there with a fever talking nonsense.
Death was standing there looking at me with that sickle in his hand.
Finally he tells me: "Do you want to continue life more than one year?"
I said, well said ...
"Do you want to continue one more year of life?"
I said, "! Continue in hell Let's settle this now."
It seems that recanted when I said that.
Then all I was cold.
I went down, I grabbed that sickle,
I threw it as far as I could and the two began to fight.
We fight for ... up one, they van 6 ...
Three days and three nights!
I do not know where I got the strength,
every time it seemed I was going to win,
He looked deep in my soul
and was forces to combat it.
Whenever Troy tells that story finds different ways of doing it.
several different things that invents appear.
I'm not inventing anything, woman. I'm just saying the facts of what happened.
I struggled with death for 3 days and 3 nights and I'm here to tell the tale.
Well ... at the end of the third night
We weaken us so much we could hardly move.
Dying rose, he threw his robe ...
It was white, with a hood.
He threw the robe and went out to get his sickle and said:
"I will be back." Walking and ...
"I will be back."
I said, "Yeah. Well, you have to find me."
He was no fool, did not want to die. We can not play with it.
I know one day I catch you, I know I'll join his army,
his companions.
But while you have strength and see arrive,
while continuing alert,
You will have to fight me to get me.
It will not be easy.
Well, look over here. Since you have to be alert,
let me stay with the bottle.
I should not have told you that part. I should remove it.
Troy goes around talking about it and half the time
and he does not know what he's talking about.
Bono knows me well. So is.
I know you have a bit of Uncle Remus in the blood.
You have more stories than the devil has sinners.
To him I've seen. I have spoken with the devil.
Hello, old.
Why do you leave me with that "Hello, old man?"
How you doing, Rose?
Sir Bono, how are you?
Hello, Lyons. How have you been?
Should do well, no I saw it here last week.
Troy, leave your son alone. Whenever you start coming to see you with that.
I'm not bothering. Take baby. We understand each other.
I know why you come to me and he knows I know.
Come on, Dad. Just passing to say hello and see how you were.
Yesterday you did not pass.
Will you stay to eat, Lyons? I have the chicken in the oven.
No, Rose, thank you. It was in the neighborhood and thought I'd spend a minute.
You were in the neighborhood yes, black. There they told the truth.
You were in the neighborhood because it is the day of my pay.
Well, since you mentioned it, why not give me $ 10.
Fuck!
I die, I'm going to hell
and play blackjack with the devil before you ten dollars.
That's what I want to know, that devil you saw.
Dad saw the devil? Yes you are exaggerated, Dad.
I saw him and talked with him as well. You have not seen anyone.
I told you that man has nothing to do with the devil.
Everything you do not understand, want to call the devil.
Look over here, Bono. I went to Hertzberger for some furniture.
"Three beds for $ 298." It is what was said on the radio.
"Three beds for $ 298." They did even a little music.
I get there and the man tells me he could not give me credit.
I work all day and I can not take credit.
What was he doing? I have an empty house with old furniture.
Cory does not have bed, sleeping on top of a pile of rags on the floor.
I work all day and I can not open credit.
I returned, ask Rose, dudgeon. Trying to think what to do.
Someone knocks on the door. He had lived only three days here.
Who knows you live here?
I open the door and the devil standing there, imposing.
A white guy, good clothes. Standing with a clipboard in hand.
I did not have to say anything, the first thing he said was:
"I know you need some furniture and could not get credit."
I nearly fell there.
He said: "I give all the credit you want,
but you have to pay the interest. "
I said, "Give me three beds, charge me whatever you want."
The next day came a truck and two men unloaded three beds.
The driver of the truck gave me a book.
It said, "Send $ 10 the first of each month to the address book
And everything will be fine."
"If missing a payment, and the devil would be hell to pay."
That was 15 years ago, to this very day
the first of every month, I send my $ 10.
Specifically, ask Rose.
Troy is lying. I've never seen this man.
Tell me then who could have been but the devil.
And I did not sell my soul or anything.
I would not do anything like that with the devil, but I have my furniture.
And send my $ 10 on time.
How long you say you've been sending the $ 10 a month?
For 15 years. And still not finished paying?
How much you charged the man?
And I finished paying, I paid about 10 times.
But I have afraid to stop. He is lying.
We bought the furniture to Mr. Glickman.
he is not paying anyone $ 10.
And woman, Bono knows I'm not that dumb.
I was about to say I know where there is a bridge for sale.
I tell you one thing, I do not care if it was the devil.
I do not care if he gives credit. Someone has to give.
You should matter. Andas saying that bargained with the devil,
God is the one who must answer. He is the one who will judge you.
Yes. Well, look Dad, give me the $ 10. I will return you.
Bonnie got a job at the hospital.
What'd I tell you, Bono? The only time I see this black
It is when he wants something. It's the only time I see it.
Come on, Dad. Mr. Bono will not have to hear all that.
Give me $ 10. I told you that Bonnie is working.
What does that mean for me? I do not care if she works.
Ask her the $ 10 if you are working.
I you go out with that "Bonnie is working".
Why you do not work?
Dad, you know I can not find a decent job.
Where do I find one? You know I can not get one.
I said I know some people there.
I can get something in the trash if you want to work. I already told you
the last time you came here asking.
No, Dad, thank you. That's not for me, I do not want to load the garbage from anyone.
I do not want anyone pull the recorder clock.
What is the problem? Are you too good to load the garbage outside?
Where do you think are the $ 10 of which you speak?
I am supposed to charge the trash of others
and give my money because you're too lazy to work?
You're too lazy to work and you wonder why you do not have mine.
What hospital works Bonnie? In the Mercy?
It is in the Passavant working in the laundry.
I will not give anything. If I give you $ 10,
I eat beans the rest of the week.
You will not get $ 10 here.
You do not have to eat beans. I do not know why you say that.
I do not spare the money!
Gabe moved, I paid the rent to Mrs. Pearl,
and things have been tight.
I can not afford to give money forever.
I did not ask you to give me anything, just like the I borrowed.
I know you have $ 10. Yes I have them.
You know why? Because I do not waste my money on the streets.
You want to live the easy life, being a musician and riding clubs.
Then you learn to take care of yourself.
Ever you see anyone asking me anything.
Need I spent many years. We're different, Dad.
I learned from my mistakes and how to make things right.
You try to get something for free. Life owes you nothing.
You owe it to yourself. Ask Bono, will tell you I'm right.
You have your way of dealing with the world, I have mine.
The only thing that matters is the music.
Yes, I see it. Not interested in how you are eating,
where is your next money. Yes, you tell the truth.
I know I have to eat, but I have to live.
I need something to help me get out of bed in the morning.
That makes me feel part of the world. Not bother anyone.
I'll just stick with my music because
it is the only way of life I found in this life.
Otherwise, no one would know what you could do.
I'm not here to criticize you or the way you live.
I just came to ask you for $ 10.
I do not want to hear all this about how to live.
Boy, your mother spent a lot of work to raise you.
You can not change me, Dad. Now I have 34 years.
If you want change, you should be there when growing up.
I just came to see you.
I asked $ 10, and want to talk about how I was raised.
You have no idea how I was raised.
Give him $ 10 the boy, Troy.
What the fuck are you looking at me?
I do not have, you know what I do with my money.
Give you the $ 10 if you want to give them.
I will, as soon as the des me.
Are here.
76 dollars and 22 cents.
Did you see that, Bono? I will not see a penny of it.
To be lying. Take, Lyons.
Thank you, Rose.
I have to go, see you later.
Wait a minute. You say "thank you, Rose,"
but not put to see where she got the money.
Did you see how is the thing, Bono? I know I got you, dad.
Thank you, I will return. Now you're lying again.
When you pay me the $ 10, you will be owing me $ 30 more.
See you, Mr. Bono. Take care of yourself, Lyons.
Thanks Dad. See you soon.
I do not know why it will not
and is looking for a decent job and take care of the wife he has.
It will be fine, Troy. The boy is still young.
The boy is 34 years old. Do not start with that.
I have to go, I'm leaving. Lucille is waiting for me.
Did you see this woman, Bono?
I love this woman.
I love her so much it hurts me.
I love her so much that I ended up loving her wishes.
So I need to get back to basics.
Do not come by the house early to say it's time to work.
I'll still be giving hard. Troy, for that.
I ignore him, Rose. They are words of drunk.
Continuing, Troy. I'll see you Monday.
Do not pass by my house, black!
Already I told you what I'll be doing!
Come back on Tuesday!
Jesus, I know a fenced
around me every day.
Good Morning.
Ready for breakfast? I can preparártelo
as soon finish laying these clothes.
already I started making coffee, okay.
I just want a bit of that this morning.
He left 651 yesterday.
It is the second time this month, Mrs. Pearl one dollar earned.
It seems that those who least need always lucky.
The poor never win. The numbers are nothing.
I do not know why fooled by that, you and Lyons.
It's something to do.
What you're doing is throwing money away.
You know I do not play the fool. Only 5 cts game here or there.
His 5 cts that tiraste.
Sometimes I win.
It is balanced, always good when I win. Then do not complain.
I'm not complaining, but I say that's nonsense.
Try to guess which of the 600 numbers will come out.
If I had all the money from these black ...
The money from those blacks who pull in lottery for a week,
in just one week it would be rich.
Well, think and call it nonsense
it will not prevent bet on the numbers, that's for sure.
Also, good things come to gamble.
Look Pope bought the restaurant with numbers.
I hate blacks as well.
The man had not two pennies to live.
He walked with worn shoes asking for money for cigarettes.
Okay, looking luck.
Aciértale numbers. Troy, and I know the old story.
Ten common sense at least. And I'll tell you, do not throw money.
I have seen black gamble and spend up to two thousand dollars in 4 days.
The man bought the restaurant down, fixed it pretty well,
and then not let anyone enter.
If a black went there, nobody attended.
I saw a white go in there and make a stew.
Pope pulled all the meat to put it to him.
The man no longer had for a meat dish.
A black came up behind him and not give him more than potatoes and carrots.
Are you talking with that win the lottery? You picked a bad example.
It is nothing more than a fool worse than it was before.
Troy...
You will have to stop worrying about what happened yesterday at work.
I am not worried.
I just told off Friday to the office of the Commissioner,
Everyone worried that I might be fired,
I do not care about that.
You do not have to worry about that.
Where is Cory? It's in the house?
Cory! He left.
He left? He left,
because he knows I want to work on this closely.
I know how he is. That boy is afraid to work.
He has not worked in your life. He had football practice.
The coach wanted to coach a little more before the season.
I know your workout,
out of here before finishing her chores.
¿Troy, what's your problem today? Nothing's okay.
Go back to bed and get up the other side.
Why something must be wrong with me? I said I had something wrong.
You got something to say everything.
Numbers first, then the way that restaurant is directed.
Now it is with Cory. What's next?
Look up and see if the weather's okay.
Or is it going to be how you put the fence with the clothes hanging in the yard?
You guessed that.
I know it like the palm of my hand.
Comes to give a little more coffee.
See if that straightens you, because you're not good this morning.
Good...
Prunes!
Three for 25 cents!
Come and buy now!
Because I am here today
and tomorrow I'll be gone!
I ask how to sell them, 10 cts each.
Or three 25 cts!
Come and buy now! Hears!
Because I am here today and I'll be gone tomorrow.
There's Troy.
Hi, Troy.
Hola, Gabe.
Hi, Rose. Hi, Gabe. What have you got there?
You know what I have, Rose? I fruits and vegetables.
Where are the plums of which you speak?
Today I have plums, Rose.
I was just singing. I'll bring some tomorrow.
I made a large order of plums,
I'll bring enough plums morning to San Pedro and everyone.
Troy is upset with me.
I'm not, Gabe. Because it would be?
I have not done anything.
I moved to the house of Mrs. Pearl to not be in your way.
I dont want to offend.
Who says you offend me? I never said anything like that.
You are not mad with me?
I'm not, Gabe. If I were, I told you.
Come on, get out of the street.
Come on.
I rented two rooms in the basement.
I have my own door too. You want to see my key?
This is my own key and no one has a key equal.
It is my key to my two quarters.
That's good, Gabe. You have your own key, that's good.
Are you hungry, Gabe? He was preparing to Troy breakfast.
I accept a biscuit. Have a?
Did you know that when I was in heaven,
every morning we would sit San Pedro and me in the door
and we ate some big rolls?
Yes, good time.
We sat and ate bagels. Then
San Pedro went to bed and told me to wake him
when it was time to open the doors for trial.
Well, you'll see a lot of rolls.
Troy, San Pedro has your name in the book.
I saw him, said: "Troy Maxson."
I said, "I know." It has the same name as me.
That's my brother!
How many times going to tell me that, Gabe?
My name was not in the book. They have to have my name.
Already I died and gone to Heaven.
But they do have your name.
One morning, San Pedro was looking in his book
making notes for trial,
And let me see thy name. It was under the letter "M".
It was the name of Rose. It did not look like yours,
but I know it's there.
It had a huge book!
They were the names of all who were born.
That's what he told me, but
I saw your name, I saw with my own eyes.
Come in, Rose will prepare something to eat.
I'm not hungry. And I had breakfast with Aunt Jemima.
He came and gave me many pancakes!
Come in, Rose will prepare something. Remember how you eat them?
I remember. Come on. I have to go!
Gabe! Gabe, come on! I have to sell my plums!
I sold some tomatoes, I got $ 0.50. You want to see?
I'll save to buy a new trumpet
to San Pedro can hear me when it's time to open the doors.
Did you hear that?
Did you hear that?
Are the hounds of hell.
I have to chase them away from here.
Come on, get out of here! Outside!
Outside! Outside!
You all members hypocrites,
They are wasting their time.
My God calls workers
and you better obey.
Prepare for the Judgment!
Prepare for the Judgment!
Better prepare yourself for Trial!
My God calls the workers.
Prepare for the Judgment!
Prepare for the Judgment!
Prepare for the Judgment!
My God calls the workers.
Prepare for the Judgment!
Prepare for the Judgment!
Where is Gabe?
He went somewhere.
He is not eating well.
Mrs. Pearl says you can not make something to eat.
What do you want me to do, Rose?
I have done everything I could for him. I can not make it better.
Half of his head exploded. What did you expect?
It should do something to help.
It does not bother anyone.
It was thus only by the metal plate
you have in your head. Has no sense...
It makes no sense to send him to hospital.
At least eat well. They can help you take care of itself.
Nobody wants to be caught, Rose. What do you want to lock him up?
Man goes out there
fighting their war against the Japanese,
his head exploded him.
He was given a measly 3,000 and had to make do with that.
Are you going to come back with that? It has a metal plate in his head.
It was the only way we had a roof, the metal plate.
It makes no sense to blame yourself for something.
Gabe was not in a position to manage that money.
You did what was best for him. No one can say otherwise.
Look how long it took care of him.
Until wanted to have his own home and move in with Mrs. Pearl.
That's not what I say, woman. Alone...
I'm telling you the facts.
If my brother had not had that plate in his head
something which would not urinate or throw a window where.
Where are you going?
You're gone from here every Saturday for weeks.
I thought you were working on the fence.
I'll Taylor's ...
Mom?
Cory, your father almost had something
when you left in the morning without doing your chores.
You're good?
He said he was supposed to have you help with the fence.
I said I was going to go to training.
He said that in the last 4 or 5 on Saturday and then never does anything.
Is going to Taylor's.
Did you tell the recruiter? Yes, I said.
What did he say? He did not say much.
Go do your homework before you return.
Go clean the stairs,
before he gets back, screaming and demanding.
Come on, boy! Go!
TROY! You'd like to kill you scare!
How was the game?
Lucille had me on the phone and I could not know how it turned out.
What I care about the game? Come here, woman.
I thought you went to Tayilor's to listen to the game. For, Troy!
You were supposed to fix the fence.
I'll do when I finish with what ...
With what I have in hand. Stop, Troy!
I will not get in your game! I do and I'll give you a lesson!
TROY, leave me alone!
Where is Cory? That guy and brought her back home?
It is at home doing their homework.
Cory, come here!
Where are you going? I'll be right back.
When? I'm just going down the street.
Where?
With whom?
TROY, enters the house!
Did you just arrive from the morning? Yes, I had to train football.
If that? Yes sir.
I got two seconds after you, you can not be.
The trash is full,
you have not done your homework, and you come here saying, "Yes."
I was preparing to do, Dad.
Your first duty is to help with the fence on Saturday, then another.
Now take that saw and cut the boards.
Hey Dad.
Why not buy a TV?
Why do I want a TV? Why do I want one?
Everyone has one. Earl, Barbra, Jesse ...
I did not ask who had one. Did I say what I want?
To se her. They spend a lot on TV. Baseball and all that.
Yes? We can see the World Series.
How much does a TV?
I do not know, they have one for sale for about $ 200.
200 dollars? Not much, Dad.
No, they are only $ 200.
Do you see that roof over your head at night?
Let me tell you something about that roof.
10 years after the last settlement of that ceiling ago.
When winter arrives and snow covers the roof,
it will filter when melted. It will be a little, not much notice.
The next thing you will see is that seep through the house,
the wood will rot by water and will need a new roof.
How much you think it costs to waterproof the roof?
I dont know. $ 264 in cash. You see?
While you think of a TV, I have to think about the roof.
Or any other problem here.
If you had $ 200 what would you do?
Do I fix the roof or buy the TV?
Buy the TV.
Then when the roof starts to leak, if necessary the arrangement.
Where will you get the money? And you spent it on TV.
You'll sit and watch the water all over your new TV.
Dad, you have money. I know you have it.
Where did I have? In the bank.
Want to see my bank account? Want to see the $ 73.22 that I have there?
You do not have to pay once, you can give something and bring it home.
No, I do not owe anyone anything if I can help.
If I miss a payment they come and take him from the house. Then what do you have?
You see? Now when you have the $ 200 free,
then I buy a TV.
Right now, when you have $ 264, I will do to fix the roof.
Dad!
Go find your $ 200 and buy a TV if you want.
I have better things to do with my money.
I can not get $ 200. I've never seen $ 200.
I tell you one thing:
Get $ 100 and I will complete the other $ 100.
Okay, I I'll show you.
You're going to show how you're going to cut the boards.
Here you have.
That is worth $ 200.
The Pirates won today.
There are already five in a row. I do not think the Pirates,
all are white on that computer. They have that guy ...
That Puerto Rican boy, Clement.
Not even play. It could be someone if given a chance.
You get to play one day and sit on the bench to the other.
It has many possibilities to play.
I say always play, if regularly to keep fit. That.
They also have targets that do not always play.
You can not get them all at the same time.
If you have a white bench, you can bet it's not good.
The black has to be doubly good before entering the team.
That's why you do not want moorings to sports.
The man is on the team, and what brings them?
They have the black on the computer and do not use it.
It's like not having it.
All teams are equal.
The Braves have to Hank Aaron and Wes Covington.
Hank Aaron took two home runs today, that makes 43 in total.
Aaron is nobody. He did what he had to do.
This is how you're supposed to play. It is nothing extraordinary.
It is a matter of time, give it when it is. It could give 43 home runs now.
You are not a major league pitch, could not.
We had a best throw in the Negro Leagues.
I made seven homers against Satchel Paige. You can not do better.
Sandy Koufax is a leader in strikeouts.
I'm not thinking about Sandy Koufax.
Warren Spahn have already Lew Burdette.
I got tired of this talk.
Keep cutting boards.
Your mother told me you recruited a college football team.
¿No?
Yes, the coach Zellman says the recruiter will talk to you.
To permit firm documents.
I thought you were going to work in A & P. Are not you going to work after studying?
Mr. Stawicki said I will ensure my
since until the season is over.
If you start next week I can work weekends.
I thought we had an agreement with all that soccer.
You kept your duties and would work in that position of A & P.
You have not been here all day Saturday,
you have not done any of your homework and now you tell me that will not work.
I will work on weekends. Surely yes!
No need to come here to talk to anyone signing anything.
Dad, you can not do that. Come from North Carolina.
I do not care where it comes from.
Look, boy.
The whites will not let you get anywhere with the ball.
Learn from books so you can
work and move up in A & P,
and learn to fix cars, build houses or something.
Find yourself a job, so you have something that nobody can take away from you.
Learn to make good use of your hands
in addition to collecting the garbage of others.
I got good grades, Dad. So the recruiter wants to talk to you.
You have to have good grades to be recruited.
So I can go to college and have a chance.
First, you have to go there and get your job back.
Mr. Stawicki already hired someone because I said I would play.
You are more idiot than I thought.
You'll let someone take your job so you can play football.
Where will you get the money to get out your girlfriend?
What kind of idiocy is that of letting someone takes your job?
I will work on weekends. Do not.
Get your ass out of here and find another job.
Come on, Dad. I have to train I can not work and play football.
The team needs me. That's what it says Zellman.
I do not care what he says, I am the boss, you know?
I'm the boss here. What I say is what counts.
Dad ... I asked you if you understood.
If that?
Yes sir.
Very good.
You're going to A & P to return you your job.
If you can not do both, then renounces the football team.
You have to accept the straight lines with curves.
Yes sir.
I can ask you a question?
What are you going to ask? Mr. Stawicki is who will do that.
Why you never like you you about me?
¿Please me?
Who says you have to please me?
What is the law that says I have to please you?
You stand on my face and make me such a silly question.
What's that fella someone? Come here when you speak.
Straighten up, dammit.
I asked you a question.
What law says you have to please me?
Any. Very good.
You do not eat every day?
He responds when you speak. You do not eat every day?
Yeah. Black, while in my home,
You tell me sir, when you talk to me. Yes sir.
Do you eat every day? Yes sir.
You have a roof. Yes sir.
Clothes to wear. Yes sir.
Why do you think that is? For you.
Of course I know it is for me.
But why do you think that is?
Why do you like me?
If I like you?
I leave here every morning,
I break the back holding white every day.
Because I like you?
You're the dumbest I've ever seen.
It's my job, it's my responsibility.
It is assumed that a man must care for his family.
You live in my house, I filled my belly with food,
sleep in my bed because you're my son.
Not because I agrades it is my duty to take care of you.
I have a responsibility to you.
Let this clear here now before proceeding further.
You do not have to like me.
Mr. Rand does not pay me because I like me.
He pays me because I must.
I have given all I had to give you.
I gave you life!
Your mother and I did,
and I would like your black ass was not part of the business.
You do not go for your life worrying about whether someone likes you or not.
Better make sure you respect.
Understand what I say? Yes sir.
Then out of my sight and go running to the A & P.
Why not let the guy play football, Troy?
Just try to be like you in sports.
I do not want to be like me.
I want to stay away as much as possible of my life.
You were the only decent thing happened to me, Rose.
I want that for him.
But I do not want any more of my life.
I decided 17 years ago that my son would not get involved in sports.
Not after what they did to me.
¿Troy, why not admit you were too old for the majors?
At least once, why not admit it?
What do you mean it was very old?
Was that was not the right color.
I am 53 years and I can do better than .269 of Selkirk right now.
How could you play baseball when you were about 40?
Sometimes what you say makes no sense.
Yes I have, woman. I have enough
to not let my child be hurt in sports.
You give too dear,
anda so worried if people like him.
Everything that makes the guy, does it for you.
He wants you to say. "Good job, son" That's it.
I do not have time for that, Rose.
It is alive, healthy.
You have to make a living. I did mine.
No one will give you hand when out in the world.
Times have changed, Troy.
People change.
The world changes and you can not even see it.
Woman, I do the best I can.
I come here every Friday. I bring a sack of potatoes and a bucket of lard.
Everyone gets in the door spreading his hands.
I give you all of my bag, I give my sweat and my blood.
I have no tears. The I shed all.
We climbed to fourth night, I am given me by your side
and I try to get some sleep.
I get up early on Monday, I find my lunch at the table, I leave
and I seek strength to reach the following Friday.
It's all I have, Rose.
All that I have to give.
I can not give anything more!
Mr. Maxson.
The Commissioner will see you now.
¡Rose!
Hey, Rose!
I Wish I could have seen his face when Mr. Rand told you.
I could not get it out of his mouth, as if he ate her tongue.
When I called the Office of the Commissioner thought he would fire me.
As everyone. I did not think you fired.
I thought you would get a warning.
Hey, Rose!
Yes, Mr. Rand likes to bite his tongue.
I saw you running to Taylor's to tell Alberta.
Hey, Rose! I told everyone.
Hey, Rose!
I went there to collect my money.
Stop yelling, I know you arrived. What you said there?
You have to come when I call you, woman.
Ask Bono. ¿Lucille does not come when you call?
Shut up, I'm not your dog. Do not tell me when I call comes.
Did you hear that, Bono? Had an old dog put arrogant. Was saying:
"Come here, Blue!" It was put there and you stare.
He ended by throwing a stick and chased him to bring it.
I'm going to ignore you or your dog.
I remember you used to sing that old song.
Hear! Hear!
He had a dog named Blue.
Nobody wants to hear you sing that old song.
Blue was very loyal.
Cory remember running around here singing that song.
I remember her.
Blue was a good dog.
Blue cornered a possum in a hollow log.
It was a song my father. My father invented.
I do not care who invented it. I do not want to hear you sing.
Come here, woman!
Do not give me that. I know you did not fire.
What you said in the Commissioner's Office?
Look, Rose, Mr. Rand called me into his office
after I came back to talk to those people there.
He called me and told me ...
I would chauffeur.
TROY, you're kidding!
Of course not. Ask Bono.
That's great, Troy. Now you do not have to bother anyone else.
Damn it...
I did not think I'd see you today. I thought you were a prisoner.
It was on the front page of the Courier the assault on Seefus,
where you you spend with all those lowlifes.
Hey, Dad, that had nothing to to do with me.
I'm not going there to play, I'll be with the band.
I have nothing to do with the gambling.
They have good music there. There are rascals there is not.
How you been, Mr. Bond? Hi, Rose.
I saw where you're going to play in Crawford Grill tonight.
Why did not you bring Bonnie as I told you? You should have brought.
He has not been here in a while.
I was just in the neighborhood, I thought I'd stop.
Here it comes. Your father was promoted.
It will be the first driver of color.
You just have to sit there and read the newspaper as whites.
Dad, if you knew how to read you'd be right.
No no. You mean if I knew how to handle would be good.
He has been fighting all driving and even licensed.
Did Mr. Rand knows that you have no license?
Driving is easy, all you do is take the truck
where you want to go. Driving is simple.
You know you have no license? That is what I mean.
I did not ask if it was easy, I asked if Rand knows that you have no license.
He did not have to know about my business.
For when I know, I'll have two or three licenses.
So, Dad ... I knew you'd come up with something.
He knew how everything was. The black wants some money.
It's Friday night, is my pay day.
All these criminals are on the street, those who are not imprisoned
Lyons and is desperate to go to join them.
You see, Dad. If you gave someone a chance to talk sometimes,
you would see that I was going to return the $ 10 as I promised.
Here, I told you I would give when you pay to Bonnie.
No, stay with that $ 10 and put them in the bank.
The next time you want to come and ask me for something, you go there and take it.
Here are your $ 10, dad. I said it was just rendered.
No, keep them for the next time you want to ask me.
Dad, take the $ 10. Troy, let the guy pay you.
Here it is, Rose.
If you do not take it, I'll have to listen for the next 6 months.
You can give me yours too, Troy.
You see, Bono? Did you see how he treats me?
Yes, Lucille treat me the same.
It is better to prepare for trial.
It is better to ...
Look, the son of Troy!
How you doing, Uncle Gabe? Lyons!
King of the jungle!
Rose, Rose hears. I brought a flower.
I cut myself. It's the same pink as you.
It's very nice of you, Gabe!
What have you been doing, Uncle Gabe?
I've been chasing hounds of hell
waiting for the time to tell St. Peter to open the doors.
You've been chasing hounds of hell, right?
Well, you do the right thing. Someone has to chase.
Yes I know.
The devil is strong, not easy prey.
The hounds of hell will bite the heels of all,
but I have my trumpet waiting for Judgment Day.
Waiting for the battle of Armageddon, right?
It will not be much battle
when God mushy that sword of judgment.
But it will be difficult for people trying to enter heaven
if those doors do not open.
Did you hear that, Dad?
Uncle Gabe, you're right. Lyons ...
King of the jungle!
Are you going to stay and eat, Gabe? Would you like you put a plate?
I just eat a sandwich, Rose. I do not want a plate.
I want to eat with my hands. I want a sandwich.
What about you, Lyons? You stay? I'm cooking ribs.
No, I will not eat until we finish playing.
You owe me a visit for you to see me play, Dad.
I do not like that Chinese music with all that noise.
Come in and wash, Gabe. I'll make you a sandwich.
Troy is angry with me.
Why are you angry with Gabe?
Troy thinks is upset because she moved in with Mrs. Pearl.
I'm not angry with him, you can live anywhere.
Why did you move there? To Mrs. Pearl does not like anyone.
She does not mind anything, it is pretty good.
Just will not let all that singing.
not worried about the rent you pay him, that's what he is not worried.
Troy, I will not discuss that with you again.
It was because he wants to have his own house, come and go as you like.
You can do it here.
It is not prevented it. He does not put rules.
It is not the same, you know.
It is the last time I hear that.
I do not want to hear any more of Gabe and Mrs. Pearl.
And next week ... I'm ready for my sandwich, Rose.
And the next week when the recruiter coming from school,
I want to sign that paper and let Cory play soccer.
It is the last time I want to hear that.
¿Cory was recruited? What school did you go?
I'm not thinking about Cory.
That boy walks around smelling like urine.
Believes will forbid, no matter what I say.
Look at this, Bono.
I left the Office of the Commissioner and went to A & P.
That boy is not working there. She lied to me.
He said he got his job back,
working weekends,
It is working after leaving school.
Mr. Stawicki says he has not worked there.
Cory is growing.
It is only anxious to follow in your footsteps.
I do not care what you do.
When it reaches the point of wanting to disobey,
it's time to change things.
Ask Bono.
I bet you never disobeyed his father without paying the consequences.
I never had the chance.
My father moved, but never met him.
I never knew what he was thinking or where he was going.
Just it went ...
Looking for new lands.
So they used to call him old.
If someone was
from place to place, from woman to woman,
we said that "seeking new lands".
I'll never know if he ever found them.
When I saw him once, I did not want children.
I did not know if it would be enough in one place
to have my children and I be his father.
I thought I would also "search".
After all, I've been with Lucille
almost the same time as your father with Rose.
And they go 16 years.
Sometimes I would not have known my father.
I did not want to hear from children.
A son to him was nothing.
All I wanted was you learned to walk
so he could get to work.
At lunchtime, he ate first.
If there were leftovers was it touched.
He sat, ate two chickens and you got the wing.
Stop that, Dad. Everyone feeds her children.
No matter how hard it is, everyone does. Sure had something to eat.
Everything my mind my father
Fardas cotton was take Mr. Lubin.
It was the only thing that interested him.
Sometimes I used to wonder because he was still alive.
I wondered why the devil came and took him.
"Bring the cotton Fardas Mr. Lubin.
Find out if you owe money. "
He must have been when she saw no way out.
It is what I have done.
How are you going to go with 11 children? Where you going to go?
I did not know anything other than work on a farm.
No, he was imprisoned and I think he knew.
But this I say on my part.
He felt responsible for us.
We may try the way he should have,
but without that responsibility,
he could have gone and have left us ...
To make your own life.
Many did.
At the time of which you speak,
out through the front door, they chose one way or another and leave.
There, that's what I mean.
They kept walking until they found something else.
You never heard anyone "walking empty"?
This is how you call when you leave that way.
My father did not have that kind of "Stepped vacuum."
He stayed with his family,
but it was as cruel as it could be.
My mother could not stand it. I could not stand that evil.
He ran off when I was about 8 years.
He escaped one night ...
I said I would for me. I never saw her again.
All his wives left him. It was not good for either.
When it was my time to leave, I was 14.
He was eyeing the daughter of Joe Canewell.
We had an old mule named Greyboy.
My father sent me to plow the field ...
And I went to fool around with the daughter of Joe Canewell.
We found a good place and we got good loving.
She was 13 years old and were grown as.
There we were, by the stream, enjoying without thinking of anything else.
We did not see Greyboy had come loose.
He returned to the house and my father was looking for me.
We were there when my father came to enjoy.
We were surprised.
He took the leather straps to the mule,
and he began to beat me as if there were no tomorrow.
I jumped, upset and embarrassed.
I was afraid of my father.
When he started hitting me, so naturally I left there running.
I think I was upset because I did not do my job.
But I see that I was away
to stay with the girl himself.
When I understood what it was all about,
I lost all fear for my father and that's when I became a man.
At 14 years.
That was my moment to scare him off to him.
I took the same belt he had used with me,
and I began to hit him.
The girl jumped and ran.
When my father looked me in the eyes,
I knew why the devil came to never look.
Because he was the devil himself.
I do not know what happened then.
When I wake up...
He was lying in the gutter and Blue, his old dog licking my face.
My eyes were closed so swollen they were.
I thought I was blind, he saw nothing.
I was just lying there ...
I cried.
I did not know what he would do.
But I knew ...
... It was time to leave my father's house.
Suddenly the world grew.
It was a long time so he could
understand how it was and manage.
Part of that process was when
I had to find a place where I feel in my blood
and saw that the only thing between us
They were within a few years.
What you got there, Uncle Gabe?
A ham sandwich. Rose made me one of ham.
I lost touch with everyone except with Gabriel.
But...
I hope he's dead.
I hope you have found peace.
It is a heavy story, Dad.
I did not know you had left home at age 14.
At 14 he is too young to be independent.
I do not know what I would have done.
I got out of that stream and walked to Mobile.
He was tired of the farm. I thought it would be better in the city.
So I walked 322 km to Mobile.
Wait a moment. You not walked 322 km, Dad.
Nobody walks 322 km!
What are you talking about?
It was the only way to move at that time.
I'd fuck it if you would not take a ride with someone.
Who you going to take? There were no cars like today.
We talk about 1918.
What are you talking about?
I am telling Lyons how easy it was for him.
He knew nothing of what I'm talking about.
Lyons, Bonnie spoke. He said that were supposed to go through it.
Yes, okay, Rose.
I walked all the way to Mobile
and I got together with others who were going in the same direction.
I got here and found
that not only could not find work, he had nowhere to live.
I thought it was free.
The color lived on the banks of the river,
anywhere that could give them shelter.
Getting off the Brady Street Bridge.
They lived in huts made of sticks and tar paper.
I pulled in there and went from bad to worse. I started stealing.
First it was food. Then I thought:
"If I steal money, I can buy food and shoes too."
One thing led to another, I met your mother.
He was young, eager to become a man.
I met your mother and I had. Why did I do that?
Now he had to worry about feed you and her.
He had to steal three more times.
One day I went looking for someone to steal ...
That's what it was, a thief.
I am telling the truth.
I'm ashamed since that day, but it's true.
I went to rob someone, I took out my knife and he pulled a gun.
He shot me in the chest. It felt like
if someone will beat me a hot iron.
When he shot me, I pounce on it with my knife and ...
They say I killed him.
I was locked in the prison for 15 years, there I met Bono.
It's where I learned to play baseball.
After I left, your mother
He had gone with you to make a living without me.
15 years was a long time for her to wait for me.
But those 15 years cured me of stealing.
Rose can tell you.
When I met her she asked me
if he had left all that nonsense.
I said, "Honey, you and baseball are all that matters to me."
Did you hear me, Bono? And he meant it.
She said, "What comes first?"
I said, "No doubt that's baseball.
But if you stay with me, both live with him. "
Is not it true, Rose?
It is true. Shut up, you did not say anything like that.
What you said to me was, "Honey, you know you'll always be the # 1 for me."
That's what you said.
That's why I love this woman!
Rose keeps you at bay. If you step out of line, she straightens you.
Lyons, better go for Bonnie. Is waiting for you.
Hey Dad...
Why do not you go to the Grill to hear me play?
I will not go there. I'm too old to attend these clubs.
You have to be very good to play at the Grill.
Come on, Dad.
I have to get up early. You not stay up late.
No, I'll eat dinner and go to bed.
Well I have to go. See you later.
Do not come to my house on my pay.
Pick up the phone and tell someone you're coming.
And bring Bonnie. You know I always glad to see her.
I will, Rose. Beware.
See you, Dad. Bye.
See you, Mr. Bono.
See you, Uncle Gabe! Lyons, the king of the jungle!
You're already a dinner, woman? You and I have issues to resolve.
It will also be atrocious. Troy, I finished talking to you.
Woman, here is Bono. Bono is like family.
I know this black since ... How long have I known you?
A long time ago.
I know this black since Skippy was a puppy.
We have gone from everything. You are right.
I know for longer than you, Rose.
And we're still together, shoulder to shoulder.
Bono, a man can not ask for more than that.
I love you, black. Do not!
I love you too, but I must go home to see my wife.
Yours have it on hand. I have to find my own.
Why did you do that, Dad?
What's going on? ¿Cory, what happens?
Dad went to school and told the coach
Zellma I can not play more football.
I can not even play!
He told the recruiter not to come.
Troy ... Do not give me that.
Yes, I do. And the boy knows why I did it.
Why did you do that? It was the only chance I had!
There is nothing wrong with that play. She lied to me.
I asked him if he wanted to play football,
He had to do your homework and keep his job at A & P.
Those were the conditions.
I stopped to talk to Mr. Stawicki ...
I can not work after school during the season, Dad!
I tried to tell you that Mr. Stawicki would keep me work.
You never want to hear anyone! And now you go and do this to me?
I do not do anything, did you yourself.
Just because you had no chance!
You'd scare it better than you, that's all!
Come here. Troy ...
Troy.
Recógelo.
Wear it.
Amárratelo.
Well, do you see?
You made a mistake.
I did not do anything! I'll tell you what was your error.
You tried to hit the ball and not give him.
That was the first strike.
Now you're in the batter's box.
You abanicaste and you gave him. Dresses?
That was the first strike.
Do not strikeouts.
Cory, come help clean the closet.
I will not leave the team.
I do not care what Dad says.
I'll talk to him when he returns.
I had to go see your Uncle Gabe.
Police arrested him again, and said that for disturbing the peace.
Come live over here.
Come and help me clean the cabinets.
Come on.
¿Troy, what did they say?
They said nothing.
I gave them $ 50 and released.
After I tell you.
Where is Cory? Helping me with lockers.
Well, tell him to bring her back here.
All they want is money.
And go 6 or 7 times I go there for him.
I see it coming and are rubbing their hands.
Yes, I know what you mean, all they care about is money.
They do not care what is right.
Negro...
Why did you buy hardwood?
You're just going to build a small fence.
Find something soft pine wood, it is all you need.
I know what I do. This is wood for outdoor use.
Pinewood is for inside the house.
The pine interior, this is for outside.
Now tell me how it will be the fence.
You do not need this wood.
You put the pine and will last as long as you live here.
How do you know how long I'll live, black? I could live forever.
You could live more than the old Horsely.
It's what Magee used to say.
Magee was a fool. Tell me who you heard that
pull teeth with a pair of rusty pliers.
The olders. My grandfather used to take off their teeth with pliers.
There were no dentists for people of color at the time.
You have to clean them, you know? You're clean pliers.
Esterilizarlos.
In addition, we no longer live at that time.
All I had to do was go to Dr. Goldblum.
I saw you with that girl from Tallahassee, this Alberta.
I saw them close together. What do you mean "together"?
I see you laughing and joking with her all the time.
I laugh and joke with all, Bono. You know me.
That's not the kind of laughter and jokes of which I speak.
How you doing, Mr. Bono?
Cory, saw Bono take and cut some wood.
He says the wood is very hard to cut.
Begone, Jim. Let the boy show you how it is done.
Go ahead, do it.
Check it out.
Go strong boy, it looks or Joe Louis.
Gosh, I must be old and,
by the way the boy cut the wood.
I do not know why mom wants a fence in the yard.
I do not know either. What you are saving here?
It has nothing to what others want.
Some build fences to keep people away.
Others, to keep people inside.
Rose wants to keep everyone together. He loves them.
Black, do not need anyone to tell me that my wife loves me.
Cory, go and see if you can find another saw.
Where is?
I said that shopped. Try to find it.
What did you mean to keep everyone together?
Troy...
I've known for almost a lifetime.
You and Rose. Both I know for some time.
I remember when you met Rose.
When you played baseball in the park.
Many girls were behind you at the time.
You could choose what you wanted.
When you chose Rose, he was happy for you.
That was the first time I knew you knew what you were doing.
I said, "My friend Troy knows what he's doing.
I will follow it, it could take me somewhere. "
I have been following too.
I've learned a lot of things about seeing life.
I learned to realize where the trash was.
How to distinguish garbage alfalfa.
You taught me many things.
You taught me to not make the same mistakes.
To accept life as it was, to put one foot behind the other.
Rose is a good woman, Troy. I know it is.
I've been married to her for 18 years. What are you thinking, Bono?
I'm just saying it's a good woman, just that.
You say it's a good woman and stop throwing so no more.
Why do you say it is?
She loves you, Troy. Rose loves you.
You say you do not deserve me. It's what you try to say.
I do not deserve it because I'm looking at the other girl.
I know what you're trying to say.
I know what Rose means to you, Troy.
I'm just saying I do not want to see you mess up.
Yes...
I thank you, Bono.
If I saw you doing the same with Lucille, I told you the same thing.
That's all I have to say.
I said that because I love them both.
Damn it...
Do you know me. I was not looking for anything.
You can not find a better wife Rose, I know.
But this woman ...
It seems that stuck in my mind and I can not get her off me.
I tried to fight with that, I tried to get her out but is more in love.
Now he's stuck with me more.
You have the control. It's what I always say.
You are responsible for what you do.
I'm not avoiding my share of responsibility. If it is okay
with my heart, I am calm then.
Because it's my heart that I always hear, tell me if I'm right or wrong.
And I do not mean to hurt Rose, I love her.
He has endured all this time,
I love and respect him for that.
I know you love her, why I do not wanna see you hurting her.
But what will you do when you discover?
What will you have then?
If you try to maneuver the two, sooner or later fall.
That's normal. Yes, I know what you say, Bono.
I've been trying to find a way to solve it.
Fix it right, Troy.
I do not want to put in your affairs,
but solve it so that everything goes well.
I always get in yours and Lucille problems.
When are you going to buy the refrigerator you want that woman?
Do not tell me you have no money, know what your bank.
Mellon does not need the money as much as Lucille wants the refrigerator.
I'll tell you what to do. What?
When you're done to build that close to Rose,
I'll buy that refrigerator Lucille.
Already you got engaged!
Black Hey, where are you going? I'm going to the house.
Do not expect to get help now.
I'm protecting my money.
I want to see if you can do that by yourself.
That's what I see!
You'll be here six months without my help.
Black, you're wrong!
When it comes to my money,
I am as certain as the fireworks on July 4.
We'll see.
You can go throwing your passbook.
What you said there? What happened with Gabe?
I went up there. It cost me $ 50.
They said he was disturbing the peace.
The judge ordered a hearing for him in three weeks.
To see why that should not be admitted again.
What did you say? What you commented the judge?
I said I'd take care of him.
It made no sense to hospitalize again.
Great greasy extended his palm, he said
to give him $ 50 and I take him home.
Where is he now? Where did he go?
He went out there for himself. No need to shake hands.
I do not know, I think the best
place for him would be put in the hospital.
I know what you're going to tell me, but what I think is best.
The man's life was ruined by fighting for what?
And now they want to put him away.
To be left free. It does not bother anyone.
Well, everyone has their own point of view I guess.
Come to lunch.
I made a plate of beans and corn bread in the oven. Come a little.
It makes no sense that you worry so Gabe.
Rose, I have something to tell you. Expected to be the table.
Rose...
I do not know how to say this.
I have not explain it.
It was something that grew ...
It started as a small bush and then became a forest.
Troy, what you mean? Let me talk, woman.
I'm trying to tell you ...
Trying to find a way to tell you ...
I will be a father.
I will be someone's father.
¿Troy, you're telling me you're going to be what?
Are you going to be someone's father? Rose ... now ...
Hey, Troy! Hey, Rose!
I have to wait 18 years to hear something.
Hi, Rose.
I have a flower for you.
It is a rose. A single rose like you.
Thank you, Gabe.
Troy, you're not upset with me, right?
Those bad men came and took me.
You're not upset, right? I'm not.
18 and salts me with this.
Did you see what I have? I have a new currency.
Rose was just ... There's nothing to say, Troy.
There is no way to explain that.
The man who gave me the coin had plenty.
I will keep this currency until it ceases to shine.
Gabe, come. I watermelon in the refrigerator, I'll give you a piece.
Rose, you know I was chasing hounds of hell
and we came and took me evil.
Troy helped me. He was there to tell
better let me go before to give them a beating.
Yes, he did. Go inside, Gabe.
I'll give watermelon. Evil men are gone.
Well, Rose will give me some watermelon. From having stripes.
Why, Troy?
Why?
After all these years you come ...
to bring me this now.
It makes no sense at your age.
I could have expected this 10 or 15 years ago, but not now.
Age has nothing to do, Rose.
I have tried to be everything a wife should be.
All that a wife can be. Married for 18 years.
And I have to live to see the day that you say you're with another woman.
And you have a son of her.
You know I never wanted my family anything halfway.
My whole family is like that. All parents and different mothers.
My two sisters and my brother.
Just I know who is who. I never sat down with my parents.
It was always your dad and your mom and dad and my mom.
I never wanted that to any of my children.
And now you come and tell me something?
Basta, you should know. It was time.
Well, I do not know, dammit!
Rose...
I can not make it go away. It is done.
I can not do circumstances change.
Nor want.
Maybe you want me and my son get going.
Maybe that's what you want? Well, you can not kick us out.
I spent 18 years of my life in you,
You should have stayed upstairs in my bed, where you belong.
Listen to me now, we can solve this.
We can talk, reach an agreement.
Suddenly he is "us".
Where was the "we" when you sleeping with that woman?
"We" had to reach an agreement before look like an idiot.
You arrive a day late and short of money for a deal with you.
Rose, is that ...
She gives me a different idea.
A different understanding of myself.
I can leave this house
and away from the pressures and problems.
Being a different man. I have to think about the roof or accounts.
I just could ...
Being a part of me that had never been.
What I want to know is:
I want to know it...
Do you plan to continue watching?
That's all you can tell me.
I can sit at home and laughing. Understand what I say?
I can laugh out loud and feel good.
I travels through the body to the toes. Rose ...
I can not give that up.
Maybe you should go to stay with her,
It is better woman than me.
It's not about who is better. Rose, you're not to blame.
A man can not ask for better wife than you.
I am responsible for that.
I got both routine
take care of you, I forgot me.
And why he was there? That was my job, not someone else.
Rose, listen. I have tried all my life to live decently.
Have a clean ... hard and life.
I tried to be a good husband to you, in every way I know.
Maybe I was born upside down, I do not know.
But you were born with two strikes before going to the batting cage.
You have to be careful, attentive to the curve at the corner inside.
You can not let you mark that no strike or ball pass.
If you go to poncharte you should be trying to hit the ball.
Everything is against you!
What will you do?
The cheated, Rose.
I failed.
When I found you and Cory and decent work part-time,
he was sure. Nothing could touch me.
No one would make me a strike. Not return to the penitentiary.
I would not be on the street with a bottle of wine.
He was sure, had a family.
A job...
They would not mark me that last strike.
He was at first base,
He is hoping that one of the boys take me
To get to the home. You should have stayed in bed.
I saw the girl and she gave me the strength.
I started thinking that if I tried, perhaps
I could steal second base. Understand what I say?
You should have withheld, you should have done.
I was 18 at first base and thought, "Damn, I will."
We're not talking about baseball!
We are told that you were sleeping with another and were coming home with me.
It's that, not baseball! Rose, you're not hearing me.
I'm trying to explain it the best way I know.
It is not easy for me to admit
I've been in the same place for 18 years!
I've been with you!
I was here with you, Troy!
Also I have life!
I Say 18 years of my life to be in place pampering you!
Do not you think I wanted other things?
Do not you think I had dreams and hopes?
What about my life? What about me?
Do not you think went through my head meet other men?
What I wanted to stay elsewhere
and forget about my responsibilities?
Did someone to make me laugh to feel good?
You're not the only one who has desires and needs.
But I kept you, Troy.
I took all my feelings, my desires,
needs, dreams and buried all within you.
I planted a seed and took care of her and prayed for her.
I stood inside you and waited for it to flourish.
And it did not take me 18 years to realize
the ground was hard and rocky and it would never flourish.
But I kept you, Troy.
I held her tightly.
You were my husband.
I owed everything he had.
Every part of me that I could give.
And upstairs in that room, with the enveloping darkness ...
I gave everything I had to try to clear the doubt
that you were not the best man in the world.
And that wherever you were, I would be there with you.
Because you were my husband!
Because it was the only way to survive as your wife.
Whenever you talk about what you have and what you do not have to give.
But you also take Troy.
Tomas and not even know who gives.
You say you do not give? Troy.
You say you do not give? You are hurting me!
I give everything I have! Troy!
Do not tell me I'm lying! Troy, you're hurting me!
¡Troy! ¡Troy!
Very good.
It is the second strike.
Stay away from me, boy!
Do not strikeouts!
You live with the complete account!
Do not strikeouts!
MOTHER
Troy, I want to talk to you.
So suddenly?
After all this time you talk to me?
You have not spoken to me in months. You do not want to talk about last night.
You did not want anything from me since.
What do you want to talk now?
Tomorrow is Friday. I know what day is tomorrow.
Do you think I know it's Friday morning?
In all my life I've done nothing but wait on Friday.
No need to tell me.
I want to know if you are coming home.
Whenever I come home, Rose. You know. There was one night that was not.
That's not what I mean and you know it.
I want to know if you're going straight from work.
I thought I cash my check,
Taylor's go with the guys, maybe play a game of checkers.
Troy, I can not live like this. I will not live like this.
You're living on borrowed time with me.
6 months and even going to the house makes.
I'm home every night, every night of the year.
They are 365 days.
I want you to go home tomorrow after work.
Rose, do not play with my salary. You know that already.
I take my pay and I give it.
I have no more money than me back.
I just want a little time for me.
A little time to enjoy life.
What about me? When is my time to enjoy life?
I do not know what to tell you, Rose. I do the best I can.
You have not been going to the home from work
but you have that the best time to change you and go and name?
I go to the hospital to see Alberta.
She was admitted this evening, looks like it may already have the baby.
I will not delay.
You know, they went home of Mrs. Pearl and took Gabe today.
They said that you told them to go to lock him.
I never said that, who told you that lie.
Pearl but did not tell a lie.
She did not have to tell me. I read in the papers.
What did he say? He said you told them to go.
They were wrong, as usual. I do not care what they put.
He said that the government sends part of your check
the hospital and the other to you.
I have nothing to do with it if it works. I did not invent the rules.
As with Gabe did with Cory.
You did not sign the paper to Cory, but for Gabe. You signed that paper.
I told you I did not sign anything, woman!
All I signed was the release paper.
Hell, I can not read. I do not know what was in that role.
I did not sign anything about interning Gabe.
I said being sent to the hospital, you said you were free.
Now you were there and you put it to the hospital for half his money.
Retractaste you, Troy. You'll have to answer for it.
I see you've been talking to Mrs. Pearl.
She's upset because it does not receive money from Gabe income.
Troy, I saw you signing! Do not you see that sign anything!
To the end, why she has documents my brother?
Mrs. Pearl is telling a lie. And I'll tell you too.
Do not you see that sign anything!
What do you say?
Do not you see that sign anything!
Troy.
Troy...
It was the hospital. Alberta had the baby.
What was it he had?
It's a girl.
I better go see it.
Troy...
I have to go see it, Rose. It is right.
What is the problem?
The baby is fine, right?
Alberta died during childbirth.
Died? You say she's dead?
¿Alberta is dead?
They said they had done everything they could.
There was nothing they could do for her.
And the baby, how are you?
They say it is healthy.
I wonder who's going to bury.
He had family, Rose. He did not live alone in the world.
I know I did not live alone in the world.
Are you going to ask if you had insurance? Troy, I do not talk like that.
The first thing out of your mouth was, "Who's going to bury?"
As if to do that alone.
I'm your wife, not me stay away.
I'm not alienating anyone. Just give me some space.
Give me room to breathe.
Well, Mrs. Death.
I'll tell you what I'll do.
I'll take and ...
Build a fence around the yard.
I will build a fence around what belongs to me
and then I want you to stay on the other side.
You will stay there until you're ready to take me.
Then you will come.
Bring your army, bring your sickle. Bring your clothes struggle.
This time I will not let our guard down.
Are not you going to...
You're not going to sneak in my life.
When you're ready to take,
when at the top of your list is Troy Maxson ...
You come and touch the front door.
No one else has to get involved in this.
This is between you and me!
From man to man!
You'll stay on the other side of the fence until it's my time!
Then you are coming to touch the front door!
To the time you want!
I will be waiting.
Thank you very much, enjoy it all.
Go up to bat with an average of .249, the right ...
Arty lo poncha...
Rose.
I'm here with my daughter in her arms.
Y...
She's just ...
It's just a little thing.
He does not know anything about adult issues.
He is innocent.
He has no mom.
What are you telling me, Troy?
Good...
I guess I'll go sit outside on the porch.
A man has to do what he thinks is right.
I do not regret anything I've done.
I feel good in my heart.
What are you laughing?
Your father is a great man.
He has a manotas.
But sometimes afraid.
And now your father is afraid,
because we're sitting here and I have no home.
I've been homeless before and did not have a baby with me
but I've been homeless.
Out on the road, just ...
She saw one of the trains come and sung:
Please, sir engineer, let me get on the train.
Please, sir engineer, let me get on the train.
I have no ticket
please, let me get on without paying.
Is my daughter, Rose.
Blood of my Blood. I can not deny,
and I do not deny the boys.
You and they are my family.
You and this girl
They are all I have in the world.
I guess what I'm saying is ...
I would appreciate
if you could help me take care of it.
Okay, Troy.
You're right.
I will take care of your baby for you.
Because as you said, it ...
He is innocent.
And you can not pass the sins of the father to the son.
A motherless child has a difficult life.
From now on, this girl has a mother.
But you do not have a wife.
I walk in and everyone leaves.
I'll take this cake to the church for the bake sale.
Lyons went to see you. We came to pay the $ 20.
They are here at the table. Here's the money.
Leave it on the table, Troy. Then I pick up.
At what time you come back?
It makes no sense to ask me, no matter what time you return.
I just asked you a question, woman. I can not ask you something?
Troy, I do not want to talk about it. Your food is on the stove.
Just heat it and do not eat cakes there.
I will return to look for them, tomorrow we sale in the church.
Hi, Troy. How are you, Bono?
I thought about moving to see you.
There was no one in the house, so I thought ...
Why you came to see me? You do not go through the house a month ago.
I owe you money or something.
After you promoted I could not agree with you.
I used to see you every day.
Now I do not even know what work route.
I changed a lot, now I'm in Greentree.
Picking up trash whites.
Greentree, right? You got lucky.
At least you not have to lift brasses.
They are becoming heavier.
I'll work two more years and I'll leave.
I am also thinking of retiring.
For you it's easy.
You can drive for another five years.
It is not the same, Bono.
It's not like working behind the truck.
It feels as if you worked alone, you have no one to talk to.
I'm thinking about retiring.
How is Lucille? It's okay.
Arthritis occasionally gives discomfort.
I saw Rose way here.
He went to the church, right?
Yes, now he spends there.
With all those preachers seeking to fill their pockets.
I have a little gin.
No thanks. I just went to say hello.
You can have a drink, black.
I saw you never refusing a drink.
You do not have work tomorrow. I just went to see you.
I'll pick Skinner house. We played dominoes every Friday.
Black, you play not dominate.
I used to earn 4 sets of 5.
Well ... that taught me.
Now I play better.
Yes?
Then it's okay.
I have to go. Spend one day.
Yes, I do, Bono.
Lucille told Rose
you bought a new refrigerator.
Yes, Rose told Lucille that eventually you built the fence.
So we're even.
I knew you would do it.
Yes...
Agree.
We will speak later. I was glad to see you, Bono.
I will go to visit you.
Yes. Okay, Troy.
Hear! Hear!
He had a dog named Blue.
Know Blue was very loyal.
Blue was a good dog.
Blue cornered a possum in a hollow log.
Old Blue died and dug his grave.
I put it inside with a golden chain.
Every time I heard barking ...
Blue had cornered a possum Noah's ark.
I need to spend.
How? What did you say?
You're in my way. I need to spend.
Spend where?
It's my house, I bought it.
It took 15 years.
If you want to get to my house when I'm sitting on the steps,
I'll ask you permission as your mother taught you.
I need to go. Are you going to pass over?
I also live here.
Are you going to go over in my own house?
I'm not afraid.
I did not ask if you were afraid.
I asked you if you were going to go over me in my own home.
That is the question. Are not you going to ask my permission? You only spend?
If you want to see so ... How else I can see it?
He was going to go through your side to enter the house
because you're sitting on the steps, drinking and singing.
You can see it. Without asking for permission?
I asked you a question.
Without asking for permission?
I have to ask permission. Here no more accounts.
I get it, I'm not worth anything here.
No need to ask your father's permission.
Suddenly, you grew so much that your father is worthless.
Here at home and patio he paid with his own sweat.
You grew so much that your father is worthless.
Are you going to stay with it?
You want to stay with my house? You want to wear my pants?
Are you going to sleep in my bed?
No need to ask permission
because your father is worthless. Is that?
So is.
You always talk such nonsense. Why not go out of my way.
I guess you have a place to sleep.
Something to put on your tummy.
Do you have that?
Because that's what you need.
You got it?
I do not know what, you do not have to worry about that.
You're right.
You are 100% correct.
I spent the last 17 years worrying about what you have.
Now is your turn.
I'll tell you what:
You grew up. We saw that.
You are a man. Now I want to see you act like one.
Turn around and get out of this yard.
And when you get to the alley, you can forget about this house.
Because this house is mine.
If you're going to be a man, get yourself your own home.
You can forget about this because this is mine.
Go fetch yours because I'm tired provide for you.
What are you talking about? What you give me?
Your feet and bones. Your heart beating, black!
I have given you more than anyone!
You never gave me anything!
You never did anything to limit myself for fear that was better than you.
All you've done is try to scare me.
I used to tremble every time you called my name.
Every time I heard your footsteps in this house.
It all the time asking: "What will dad if I do this?"
"What will you say if I do that?" "What will you say if I turn on the radio?"
And mom too, but she tries afraid of you.
Let your mother out of this. I do not know how you hold.
I told you to leave her out! What are you going to do?
¿Beat me up? You already can not, you're too old!
You're just an old man!
Black! That's what you are.
You're just another black on the street for me.
Are you crazy! Did you know? Yes.
You can go, get out of my sight. You have the devil inside.
You're an old fool, talking about that I have the devil inside!
I'm crazy! If you do not get out of my yard,
I'll show you how crazy I am.
Now get the fuck out of my yard!
This is not your yard!
You took the money to Uncle Gabe received Army
to buy this house and then drove out.
Get out your black ass out of my yard!
I'm not going anywhere!
Come on, get me! I'm not afraid.
That's my bat. Come.
Let go of my bat. Come on, get me out.
What's up? You're not so bad? Kick me out!
You'll have to use it.
If you lift that bat before me you'll have to use it.
Friend!
Friend!
You'll have to kill me.
If you're going to threaten me with that bat,
You'll have to kill me.
Come on.
Come on...
Then I'll show you.
Come on!
Go, get out of my house.
Himself.
Tomorrow I'll get my things.
They will be on the other side of the fence.
I do not feel like anything.
I do not feel like anything.
Hallelujah!
Hallelujah...
Hallelujah.
I do not feel like anything.
Come on.
It is between you and me now.
Come on.
When you want.
Come on.
I'm ready for you.
It will not be easy.
Raynell? Mrs?
What are you doing? Nothing.
Come in and see dressed. What are you doing?
Seeing if my garden grew.
I told you will not grow overnight. You have to wait.
It seems it will never grow. Go.
I told you a pot that is monitored, never boils.
This is not a pot, Mom.
Enters dressed. It is not to be playing tomorrow, you hear me?
Yes, ma'am.
Garden bad.
Hi.
I bet your name is Raynell.
Your mom is at home?
Mom, there's a man here.
Mom!
¿Cory?
¡Cory!
¡Cory! ¡Cory!
Thank God!
Look at all.
What have we here?
All grown up. Why are you crying?
I'm so glad you were able to survive.
Hello, Lyons. How are you, Mr. Bono?
Look at you, man. Look to you.
It does not look right, Rose? They did it out.
Why took you so long?
You know how it is in the Navy, Mom.
You have to do all the paperwork for you to stop doing something.
Well, I'm glad you made it.
They stopped coming to Lyons, you Uncle Gabe's in the hospital.
I do not know if they'll let him come.
I just talked to them.
After a US Navy.
Your father knew you were capable of.
I said it all the time.
You do not look good, Mr. Bond?
Yes, Troy reminds me of the first time I met him.
Rose, Lucille is in the church choir.
I will bring to those who carry the coffin.
Then I return for you. Thanks, Jim.
See you, Mr. Bono.
Cory, mira a Raynell.
Is not it beautiful? It will break many hearts.
Raynell, say hello to your brother. This is your brother, Cory.
You remember Cory? No ma'am.
He does not remember, Mom.
We talk about you, they hear us talk about you.
It's your brother Cory. I say hello.
Hello. Hello.
So you're Raynell?
Your mother tells me a lot about you.
Come, I'll make you some breakfast to have strength.
I'm not hungry, Mom. Can you make me something, Rose.
I will in a minute.
Are you sure you want nothing, Cory? I know you do not eat well.
No, Mom, thanks. I'm not hungry, then I eat.
Raynell, dress up and stand like I said.
I always knew you were going to be somebody.
Your head was always in the right direction.
So...
Are you going to stay in the Navy?
You are about to make a career, you're 20 years?
I dont know.
And I spent six years, I think that's enough.
Stay with Uncle Sam and retire early.
There is nothing here.
Rose told you guess what happened to me.
I was put in a prison.
I thought I was being clever charging money from others.
How long have you kept?
I got 3 years.
I have little time longer, missing only 9 months.
It's not that bad.
You learn to deal with it as with everything else.
"You have to accept the straight lines and curves."
It's what Dad used to say.
Used to say that when I failed.
I saw him strike out three times,
and next take the ball out of the park.
Outside the stadium Homestead.
he was not satisfied beating up the seats,
I wanted to hit and fly around the stadium.
And after the game ...
There were 200 people waiting for him to shake hands.
"You have to accept the straight lines and curves."
Dad was out of the ordinary.
Are you still playing?
Cory, you know that's what I do.
I have some friends and formed a band.
We try to be together when we get out, but ...
I'm still playing.
I'm helping to make the bed in the morning.
While still doing that,
I will try to make it all make sense.
Lyons, I have the eggs in the pan.
I will eat those eggs. Get ready to bury dad.
How are you?
You're good?
Hello. Hello.
¿You stayed to sleep in my room?
Yes, that used to be my room.
That was how he called Dad.
"Cory's room."
You have your football in the closet.
Raynell, up dressed. Put on your new shoes.
Mom, I can not use these? Others had hurt my feet!
Well, they will have to lastimártelos a bit.
You did not say you hurt when you went to the store to buy them.
At that time did not hurt me, my feet have grown.
I do not talk back!
Go up and get new shoes.
things have not changed much.
Still has that thing tied to the tree.
I was moving out here that bat.
I was ready to return home.
He made a motion with the bat and fell.
It seems that when he did stood with a smile on his face.
And then he fell.
He was taken to hospital, but knew it was not necessary.
Why not enter? Mom, I have to tell you.
I do not know how to say this, but I have to.
I will not go to Dad's funeral.
Boy...
Hush that mouth.
You're talking about your father!
I do not want that kind of conversation this morning.
I raised you for you left me with that?
You're there all healthy and growing, and I say that not going to the funeral?
Mom, listen ... I do not wanna know, Cory.
Remove that idea from your head.
I have nothing to say. Once in my life I have to say no.
I do not want to hear any of that.
I know you and your father did not get along,
but I do not need that kind of talk today.
Disrespecting your father will not make you a man, Cory.
You'll have to find another way to do that.
Do not go to the funeral of your father will not make you a man.
All the time I lived at home,
Dad was like a shadow that followed you everywhere.
It was heavy and got into your flesh.
you wrapped
and he stayed there until you could not distinguish yours.
That shadow you got into the meat!
Trying to treparte over, trying to live through you.
Everywhere he looked, Troy Maxson was watching you.
Under the bed, in the closet.
I have to find a way to get rid of that shadow, Mom.
You like him. Igualito. Do not tell me that, Mom.
Troy Maxson're everywhere. I do not want to be Troy Maxson!
I just wanna be me.
You can not be someone else than yourself, Cory.
That shadow was nothing but yourself growing inside you.
Or you adapt to it or it suits you.
But it's all you have to live.
It is all you have to face the world out there.
Your father wanted you everything he was not.
And at the same time wanted you all that he was.
I do not know if I was right or not, but I know
I wanted to do more good than harm.
Sometimes when touched, he hurts.
Sometimes when I held her, I cut.
When I met him for the first time, I thought:
"This is the man I have a black son."
It was the first thing I thought when I saw it.
Thought, "Rose Lee,
here is the man who can open up
and be completely satisfied. "
"Here he is the man who can
fill all the empty spaces
you've been feeling incomplete. "
When your father walked through the house, it was ...
So great ... that filled the house.
That was my first mistake.
I do not give me some space, but ...
I wanted a house where I could sing.
And that's what gave me your father.
I did not know how to keep their strength
so I had to give small parts of me.
I accepted his life like mine
and I mixed the parts you could not tell them apart.
It was my choice. My life...
And it had to live like this, but ...
It was what life offered me as a woman and I accepted.
I grabbed it with both hands
and when Raynell came home ...
I do not want to make a blessing
the misfortune of anyone, but ...
I accepted Raynell like
all the babies wanted and never had.
As if she blessed to alleviate a part of my life.
And if the Lord gives me strength ...
I'll raise her exactly like your father raised you.
I'll give the best in me.
Mom ... Reverend Tollivier is on the phone.
Hi.
Hi.
Are you in the Army or Navy? In the Navy.
Dad said you were in the Army.
Did you meet Blue? Blue? Who is Blue?
The cub dad singing all the time.
Hear! Hear!
He had a dog named Blue.
Blue was very loyal.
Blue was a good dog.
Blue corralled a possum in the trunk of a tree.
Here we see that Blue was a good dog.
Hear! Hear!
Blue corralled a possum of a leg.
Blue looked at me and I looked at him.
I grabbed the opossum and put it in the bag.
Blue stood there until I returned.
Blue legs were big and round.
He never let the opossum landfall.
Old Blue died and dug his grave.
I dug his grave with a silver sword.
I put it inside with a golden chain.
And every time I call your name:
"Go ahead, Blue. Good dog." Sing ...
"Go ahead, Blue. Good dog."
Blue sat back and died like a man.
Blue sat back and died ...
Blue sat back and died like a man.
Now corrals possums in the Promised Land.
I'll tell you this so you know.
Blue was where good dogs go.
Blue was where good dogs go.
Cory, we're ready to go.
Come on.
Go up and put your shoes as mom told you.
So we can go to Dad's funeral.
Well, I'll be back.
Hey, Rose! I'm here!
I arrived, Rose! I arrived!
¡Lyons, mira!
You see, Rose? I told you to come.
How are you, Uncle Gabe? How are you, Uncle Gabe?
Hey ... Hey, Rose, it's time.
It's time to tell St. Peter to open the doors.
Are you ready, Troy?
¿Troy, you ready?
I'll tell St. Peter to open the doors.
Prepare yourselves already.
Let go!
¡Troy... Troy!
This is how you do it.
.:. [Translated by Axel7902].:.
ާ٧ڧ էԧڧ ܧڧߧڧڧާ է ڧ٧ѧҧ֧ ߧс06ҧ07 ڧݧӧ
